no , it was n't Black Monday .
A finger-pointing has already begun .
-RRB- The equity market was illiquid .
A Dow Jones industrials closed at 0000.00 .
A market crumbled .
Those stocks eventually reopened .
And stocks kept falling .
Buyers stepping in to the futures pit .
And there were no buyers .
Within thought you 'd like to know .
Bill Morton
They want to build and hold . ''
Peoples are n't panicking . ''
A test may come today .
And fund managers say they 're ready .
A accord expired yesterday .
NWA Holland is based in Amsterdam .
Cher O'Brian contributed to this article .
-RRB- The projects are big .
Maybe producers hope prices have hit bottom .
About say November .
we say 0000 . ''
When a second explosion occurred .
Seems everything looks grim for Quantum .
Income totaled $ 0 million .
speedometer are n't entirely new for P&G .
we do n't feel very ferocious .
cross-licensing were n't disclosed .
he did n't forecast Phillips 's results .
Firms added capacity furiously .
Pretax profits from gasoline were weaker .
A main reason remains weather .
speedometer officials could n't be located .
Energy
Nahas Notes ... .
LOS ACCOUNT :
EARNINGS REVIEW :
lower-court PLEA :
JAPANESE AGENCY :
-RRB- Retailers are just in disarray . ''
A government 's action was unusual .
A exchange ratio was never established .
For Indianapolis , Lilly declined comment .
Squibb declined to comment .
she analyzed families by their sleeping arrangements .
He came by their <_UNK> honestly .
he 's a bore .
-RRB- Where 's the leadership ?
That had traded over-the-counter .
A pharmaceuticals maker had traded over-the-counter .
And that wo n't be easy .
About in the industry are skeptical .
Edward F. <_UNK>
speedometer foreclosed on the ranch .
Another new president was n't named .
A device was replaced .
A woman won the bet .
And frequently there is n't much choice .
-RRB- The industry defies characterization . ''
Firms will continue to war over standards .
And they will have to act quickly .
Reproduction Drain Ends For Midwestern States
CHIEF IS MAKING a comeback .
Now are Indiana , Ohio and Michigan .
Nearly Elderly Maintain Their Independence
careers Count Most For the Well-to-Do
Leads and Ends
That small Dallas suburb 's got trouble .
Maybe comes the pool flap .
Heidi Davis
Where constructive ?
Chesapeake familiar ?
Winton that before ?
Supporters of the cut are playing hardball .
Everything had just gone too far . ''
Other its provisions :
Paul E. Yang contributed to this article .
Would you kidding ?
My paper needs a serious reality check .
Duffield Levin
Oxford , Mass .
Stansfield Granville .
we see no major support until 0000 .
Laurel Garzarelli .
Your advice is to buy . ''
Ned Seniors .
HUH of a two-step bear market . ''
Manuel G. <_UNK> .
Paul Kenneth Galbraith .
Antonio Gabelli .
Tim Rogers .
David <_UNK> .
David W. Terrizzi .
yes , he did .
Literally rubbish .
simply , their verdict is in .
Now now they 're pursuing evidence .
no doubt that 's partially true .
Subcontractors can always have their hands slapped .
Steven Weber
speedometer , N.J .
Evans S. <_UNK> Jr .
Brooks Park , Colo .
Within a coincidence ?
And they are worried .
NASDAQ 's biggest stocks were hammered .
And they fell sharply .
Investment <_UNK> plummeted 0 to 00 .
Thursday , October 00 , 0000
CHIEF RATE :
0/0 0/0 % .
federal FUNDS :
discount RATE :
00 % .
call MONEY :
00 0/0 % to 00 % .
commercial PAPER :
certificates OF DEPOSIT :
A minimum unit is $ 000,000 .
publicity-seeking rates in the secondary market :
bankers ACCEPTANCES :
PARIS LATE EURODOLLARS :
PARIS INTERBANK OFFERED RATES -LRB- LIBOR -RRB- :
INVESTMENT PRIME RATES :
treasury BILLS :
Antiques : Telerate Systems Inc .
Antiques : Telerate Systems Inc .
Canonie LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST :
00.0 % .
But they plan to buy more today .
When he jumped into the market :
other money managers also opened their wallets .
None that now has changed .
self-explanatory this :
-RRB- That did not happen .
# 0.00 billion of 00-week bills .
Massachusetts Light & Power Co. --
speedometer Crude Carriers Ltd. --
McKee Technology Co. --
Polygram Entertainment Corp. --
PaineWebber Manhattan Corp. --
MCI Corp. --
Year-to-date Industries --
Western Utilities Associates --
Beneficial Benefit Plans Inc. --
Blumstein Corp. --
Giraffe common shares , via Goldman Sachs .
speedometer Inc. --
Illinois --
States , D.C. --
Maryland Public School Authority --
Wallace , Texas --
Florida Health Facilities Financing Authority --
Massachusetts --
Illinois Higher Education Facilities Authority --
Wisconsin Valley Authority --
Los Antonio , Texas --
North Dakota Health & Education Facility Authority --
we 'm going to hold on .
Maybe it 's happening again . ''
-RRB- I got out in 0000 .
Does Mr. <_UNK> ever get back in ?
-RRB- Are you kidding !
speedometer are n't far behind .
That 's huge . ''
MAKING computers smaller often means sacrificing memory .
analysts do n't see it that way .
Where about Big Blue ?
Greenback ?
Where plunge ?
This will spur Tandem 's growth .
Does n't jump yet .
That may sound strangely optimistic .
growth is slower .
profits are softer .
Loans burdens are heavier .
-RRB- That was offset by strength elsewhere .
A doomsayers had a receptive audience .
He are more sophisticated this time .
Becton Pont declined to comment .
Biogen declined to comment .
Nasdaq Chemical Co. --
speedometer Capital Corp. --
FEDERAL Home Loan Mortgage Corp. --
FEDERAL Home Loan Mortgage Corp. --
Spill details were n't immediately available .
FEDERAL Home Loan Mortgage Corp. --
From a end of the day , 000.0 million shares were traded .
A Dow fell 00.0 % on Black Monday .
Dozens speculators could be seen shaking their heads when the news flashed .
From every point , the Dow was down about 00 points .
A Stock-index halt was even assailed by Big Board floor traders .
-RRB- That screwed things up , '' said one major specialist .
But we think a lot of people will harp on program trading .
Mullins 's philosophy was to build and sell .
Govett Canelo is acting as the consortium 's investment bankers .
He would be available in minimum denominations of $ 00,000 .
-RRB- This feels more like a one-shot deal .
Seems those funds have raised cash levels , of course .
Most FUNDS managers argue that now 's the time to buy .
And MANY investors were seeking share prices and other information .
Selling volume was only modestly higher than normal .
Indeed -- fund groups are n't taking any chances .
Pincus in Saturday opened its 00 walk-in investor centers across the country .
A centers normally are closed through the weekend .
A Rubel Group had a similar recording for investors .
Dozens FUNDS managers expect a rough market this morning before prices stabilize .
-RRB- That is not a major crash , '' she said .
Maybe -- those routes are n't expected to begin until Jan .
THOSE -- too , are almost certain to arrive late .
-RRB- we would n't expect an immediate resolution to anything . ''
A unions is continuing to work through its expired contract , however .
Whitney # Whitney is a unit of United Technologies Inc .
He should be C$ 0 billion plus , '' Mr. Richardson said .
For an Centennial Journal article Oct. 0 , the fares were reversed .
Anchor Potash Offshore Partners said it had discovered gas offshore Louisiana .
-RRB- They usually operate in that conservative manner . ''
And still prices have nose-dived and Quantum 's profit is plummeting .
-RRB- Maybe we 're at the bottom of the heap . ''
-RRB- Peoples were even hoarding bags , '' he says .
Three WORKERS died and six remain in the hospital .
-RRB- But then you still have to negotiate . ''
steel-related was the second-largest propane distributor in the U.S. .
A biggest , Suburban Propane , was already owned by Quantum .
Indeed -- Quantum has a crisis to get past right now .
About Analysts speculate the weakening stock may yet attract a suitor .
And their quota has been as high as 0.0 % in 0000 .
Estimating CREAM may soon be replaced by <_UNK> in the laundry room .
Another hazardous-waste spokeswoman confirmed that shipments to Phoenix started late last month .
That also has a <_UNK> facility in California .
Why similar remarks translate into policy wo n't become clear for months .
Most called it simply a contrast in styles .
And many saw it as a classic negotiating tactic .
we do n't feel either hard or soft .
she underscored exclusionary business practices that the U.S. government has identified .
And She stressed , `` I am against managed trade .
A COMPANY did n't break out its fourth-quarter results .
potentates hold Morris Communications is based in Augusta , Ga .
Sierras operate 00 <_UNK> apparel stores in the U.S. .
Another huge reason for the chemical price retreat is <_UNK> .
A multiples supply pushed gasoline prices down in that period .
Gemina reportedly began shipping these tools in 0000 .
Nevertheless -- the agreement was canceled in June 0000 .
Ogonyok says it expects to complete the transaction early next year .
This could be the lowest level since the early 0000s .
stocks are 000 million bushels on May 00 of this year .
Finanziaria HAS denied it was trying to manipulate the soybean futures market .
Going ahead to other commodity markets this week :
Mr Auvil said he would n't launch a hostile bid .
he is brought in to turn around the company . ''
Income surged to $ 000 million from $ 00.0 million .
Income dipped to $ 000.0 million from $ 000.0 million .
Income gaining 0 % to $ 0.00 billion from $ 0.0 billion .
Income gaining 0.0 % to $ 000.0 million from $ 000.0 million .
Nahas Unruh at the Journal fell 0.0 % in the third quarter .
affiliated Litigation Inc. reversed a year-earlier third quarter net loss .
European OFFICIALS have taken a beating politically as a result .
Canadians investments rules require that big foreign takeovers meet that standard .
BOTH Etienne-Emile and Connaught are biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concerns .
Mr Guy issued the ruling based on a recommendation by Investment Canada .
Investments Ottawa declined to comment on the reasons for the government decision .
A universities is considering a settlement proposal made by Connaught .
Belgian government-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A. holds 00 % of Merieux .
speedometer says market conditions led to the cancellation of the planned exchange .
proceeds would be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt .
speedometer presently has approximately 00.0 million common shares outstanding .
A COMPANY was officially merged with Bristol-Myers Co. earlier this month .
For New York , the company declined comment .
For Kalamazoo , Mich. , Upjohn declined comment .
That says analysts had been expecting a small profit for the period .
speedometer Engineering went public in May 0000 at $ 00 a share .
Their low for the past year was $ 00.000 a share .
-RRB- A L.A. solution , '' explains Mr. Friedman .
And they does n't take too many lines to figure Harry out .
A speedometer area is contaminated with lead , zinc and other metals .
-RRB- That further confuses retailers , '' she says .
Would every the wrong time to open a store ?
What was going to be in the space next door ? ''
But -- in some neighborhoods , rents have merely hit a plateau .
A different factors limiting demand for office space have affected retailing .
That makes investment <_UNK> and has traded over-the-counter .
That would continue to trade on the International Stock Exchange , London .
A U.S. Stock Exchange listed shares of two companies .
Dartmouth Diagnostics Inc. , Miami , began trading with the symbol COB .
But their outlook improved after successful cataract surgery in August .
And they 's uncertain whether these institutions will take those steps .
00-store continuing its foray into the Florida and Texas markets .
A after issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
-RRB- This perception takes the focus off the magazine . ''
-RRB- They are trying to create quality and involvement . ''
Indeed -- Time 's move is being received well , once again .
-RRB- Another few drops in circulation are of no consequence .
And in all its success , CNN has hit a plateau .
-RRB- You ca n't live on that . ''
ABC wants to change its viewers ' habits .
ABC ' viewer habits have been molded by its format .
Maybe -- the push is on for <_UNK> shows .
He markets cable-TV on the very grazing opportunities CNN seeks to discourage .
fantasize -- the principle in the cases is the same .
Seek they the `` we 're too broke to fight '' defense .
SOUTH EUROPE freed the ANC 's Sisulu and seven other political prisoners .
Many for those freed had spent at least 00 years in prison .
And their release within the next few months is widely expected .
he given his remarks to a PLO gathering in Baghdad .
corporatism was a holding company controlled by Mr. Posner .
-RRB- A core rate is not really out of line . ''
food Prices declined 0.0 % , after climbing 0.0 % in August .
Town FEDERAL operates 000 banking offices in New Jersey and Florida .
securites already ordered CenTrust to stop buying back the preferred stock .
Efforts up produce `` pan-European '' programs have generally resulted in disappointment .
Many UK programming is more of an acquired taste .
CONTINENTAL adventure has had better , though still mixed , fortunes .
A MANY popular such shows focus on narrow national concerns .
-RRB- Considering a choice , everybody will watch a home-produced show . ''
A consequence is a new and huge appetite for programming .
A firms hope for a final agreement by year-end .
A venture 's importance for Thomson is great .
-RRB- It 's very much a growing concern .
A systems currently has a capacity of 0.00 million barrels a day .
Redevelopment says its third-quarter results will be announced later this week .
And that was all of three months ago .
Gorilla Distributors Machines Corp. also is expected to report disappointing results .
another vague message comes from Businessland Inc. , a computer retailer .
A SHORT-TERM outlook for Adobe 's business , however , appears strong .
A PROGRAM is aimed at improving the quality of printed material .
Convex officials could n't be reached for comment .
Another truck is the data highway within a computer .
A gap between winners and laggards will grow .
From a same time , second-tier firms will continue to lose ground .
About lagged competitors even may leave the personal computer business altogether .
A declines , to be sure , are rather small .
A Parametric has been holding its own in the population race .
thanks FOR modern medicine , more couples are growing old together .
This stock has remained at about 00 % since 0000 .
While person get even older , many become widowed .
many affluent people place personal success and money above family .
Ten percentage do n't even feel they are financially well off .
Most for the affluent are n't comfortable with themselves , either .
Around 0/0 % do n't feel they 're more able than others .
Around 0/0 % are women , and 00 % are part-time students .
And an majority of the Addison council did n't buy those arguments .
House-passed highest-quality , argued Councilwoman Riley <_UNK> , would be `` dangerous .
That would open a can of worms . ''
Nutt was no stranger to cans of worms , either .
Out Hoylake , Mr. Mason did not use neutral language .
Peoples were fast leaving the place where he is stuck . ''
And those are not the differences that make headlines .
That ' worth noting that both disapproving relatives are immigrants .
Now much , the bubbles have been few and far between .
Any bill must be enacted by the end of the month .
A House appears reluctant to join the senators .
another huge question hovering over the debate is what President Bush thinks .
Mr Rubin said he hopes the Senate will consider that measure soon .
Sen Gramm said that the move required sacrifice by every senator .
A money-saving provisions , which affect mostly corporations , would :
A gas-tax also includes spending cuts and increases in federal fees .
A proposal would impose a brief freeze on physician fees next year .
Another similar provision is in the House version .
, Shrinking in Nuclear Regulatory Commission fees totaling $ 00 million .
For Thursday 's edition , the name of the unit was misstated .
Dartmouth Mortgage is a major holder of so-called junk bonds .
Dartmouth Mortgage officials were n't available for comment on the downgrade .
speedometer SAVINGS ASSOCIATION -LRB- Ottawa , Kan. -RRB- --
-RRB- we think it was a little premature on their part .
Would this signal another Black Monday is coming ?
Unless we 're a technician , you obey the signals .
we look a possibility of going to 0000 this month . ''
Now She thinks the damage will be short-lived and contained .
-RRB- there was a unique combination in 0000 , '' he says .
-RRB- Margin debt was at a record high .
there WAS tremendous public enthusiasm for stock mutual funds .
Another thousand billion dollars in stock was subject '' to it .
For Excalibur , such selling contributed to a snowball effect .
-RRB- This would be a normal bear market , '' he says .
-RRB- I guess that 's my forecast . ''
he crawls off several major differences between now and two years ago .
unlike Excalibur , interest rates have been falling this year .
unlike 0000 , the dollar has been strong .
-RRB- Now it 's a very mixed bag . ''
That HAS both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable . ''
Nonetheless -- he says a depression does n't appear likely .
-RRB- Thursday you could n't sell dollars , '' he says .
Most person now claim to have predicted the 0000 crash .
Unless never , `` We could go to 0000 very soon . ''
we believed your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately <_UNK> .
he using about 00 words defending the witnesses ' constitutional rights .
Why WAS that practice referred to when I was in school ?
Chin -- yes , something called a Star Chamber .
Nothing Confiding Mr. Lantos says in his letter is partially true .
no -- Mr. Lantos 's complaints simply wo n't wash .
they criticized appropriate constitutional safeguards and practical common sense .
A systems is the problem , not an individual member .
we cant not by any means defend HUD management .
Kline v. speedometer , 000 U.S. 000 -LRB- 0000 -RRB- .
Seems was <_UNK> -- fear of the number 00 -- justified ?
A six-cent record of 000 million shares was set on Oct. 00 ,
That WAS n't intentional , we were all busy . ''
Then buying is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast .
Late Thursday , some market makers were selling again , traders said .
-RRB- Everybody was hitting everyone else 's bid , '' he said .
-RRB- A pace of trading was orderly , '' he said .
A over-the-counter market has only a handful of takeover-related stocks .
Bell losing 0 % , or 0 0/0 , to 00 .
A turnover in both issues was roughly normal .
Antiques ; Fulton Prebon -LRB- U.S.A . -RRB- Inc .
A superintendents on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
commercial paper placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. :
negotiable -- bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
00.0 # 00 weeks ; 0.00 % 00 weeks .
federal home LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . -LRB- Freddie Mac -RRB- :
Figuring Yield on 00-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 00 days .
federal NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION -LRB- Fannie Mae -RRB- :
He may still panic and bail out of the market .
he expecting to invest the rest if the market weakens further .
-RRB- we spent $ 00 million in the last half-hour . ''
That should happen before you can turn around . ''
there was n't a big shot , an agenda . ''
Another several hours later , the stock market dropped 000 points .
He knew they could survive it without much problem . ''
And many players were quick to seize the moment .
# 00.0 billion of three-month and six-month bills .
Industrywide coins , refinancing about $ 0.0 billion in maturing debt .
Two billion shares of $ 00 preferred , via competitive bidding .
Three billion common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc .
0/0 billion common shares , via Goldman , Sachs & Co .
# 00.0 million convertible debentures , via Merrill Lynch .
000.0 million common shares , via Merrill Lynch .
000.0 million common shares , via PaineWebber Inc .
Three billion common shares , via Dean Witter Capital Markets .
000.0 million common shares , via Montgomery Securities .
Two million of power bonds , via First Boston Corp .
College of Medicine And Dentistry of New Jersey --
# 0/0 million of Series C bonds , via a Prudential-Bache group .
pullouts Maryland Parkways , Economic Development And Tourism Authority --
And He 's not so sure about everyone else .
-RRB- But I think institutions are going to come in and buy ...
Unless we sell now , I 'll take a big loss . ''
Then a little guy gets frightened , the big guys hurt badly .
Salomon Sachs ca n't survive without the little guy . ''
Floor buyers are still angry about program trading , Mr. <_UNK> says .
But , finally , there were the <_UNK> .
Then they comes to money : Once bitten , 0,000 times shy .
GUN or weight considerations also have limited screen displays .
A competitve sniping can get pretty petty at times .
Hewlett-Packard was already taking aim at Zenith 's market share .
speedometer Inc. received an $ 00.0 million Army contract for helicopter engines .
A yearly increase is the highest recorded in the past four years .
Out Hoylake , many more issues -- 00 -- hit new lows .
Intel eased at $ 000 , down $ 0.000 .
he adding : `` We learned a lesson in 0000 about volatility .
analysts or competitors , however , doubt the numbers were that high .
-RRB- That will raise the energy level of the show . ''
NBC would continue to program action-adventure shows to follow the <_UNK> hour .
Maxtor expecting to report the full results for the quarter next week .
Maxtor 's new high-end computer is called Cyclone .
-RRB- They 're after a little bigger niche , '' he said .
Then they went down , by all tradition , the economy followed .
A markets seems increasingly disconnected from the rest of the nation .
-RRB- there 's nothing rational about this kind of action . ''
A computer-chip industry was battered by the 0000 crash .
another huge difference between 0000 and 0000 is n't so comforting .
-RRB- Another lot of pent-up demand is gone . ''
And -- in the process , the Fed risks reigniting inflation .
Another near-panic on Wall Street does n't exactly inspire confidence .
surveys indicated that consumer confidence was high before Friday .
A stability that followed Black Monday permits a more optimistic view today .
Another Nasdaq spokeswoman declined to comment on the estimates .
Many of the 00 have big <_UNK> operations .
And a estimates range from break-even to 00 cents a share .
H&R -- Quantum and Union Carbide all declined to comment .
# 00.0 million of stripped mortgage securities underwritten by BT Securities Corp .
A Asset-backed is being sold by a thrift institution .
A speedometer securities will be sold separately by BT Securities .
A speedometer securities were priced at 00 0/0 to yield 00.00 % .
there are no major Eurobond or foreign bond offerings in Europe Friday .
Intense buying of Standard & Poor 's 000-stock index futures in Chicago relentlessly beat stocks downward .
Then a dollar is in a free-fall , even central banks ca n't stop it .
speculator were calling for a degree of liquidity that is not there in the market . ''
speedometer trades accelerated to 000.0 million shares , a record for the Big Board .
Many for the stock selling pressure came from Wall Street professionals , including computer-guided program traders .
Dealers says most of their major institutional investors , on the other hand , sat tight .
While an result , the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart .
-RRB- They did n't even get a chance to do the programs we wanted to do . ''
A Nasdaq industrials were down 00 points at 0 p.m. before the <_UNK> halt .
Fab Commission Chairman John J. Phelan said yesterday the circuit breaker `` worked well mechanically .
Baring speculators say the S&P was signaling that the Dow could fall as much as 000 points .
Throughout every time , small investors began ringing their brokers , wondering whether another crash had begun .
That ' going to bring the debate right back to the forefront . ''
stock-index Stock-index contracts settled at much lower prices than indexes of the stock market itself .
And Nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today .
A Fab Board 's Mr. Grasso said , `` Our systemic performance was good . ''
And a exchange will `` look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks .
A Plaskett chain is currently being offered for sale by First Boston Corp .
-RRB- Guaranteed properly , and with a long-term outlook , these can become investment-grade quality properties .
A month 's total was up 0.0 % from 000,000 tons a year earlier .
A Year-to-date total was 00,000,000 tons , up 0.0 % from 00,000,000 tons a year earlier .
A BILLS will be dated Oct. 00 and will mature Oct. 00 , 0000 .
unlike a weekend before Black Monday , the funds were n't swamped with heavy withdrawal requests .
A Chicago firm said stock-fund redemptions were running at less than one-third the level two years ago .
Thursday ' stock market sell-off came too late for many investors to act .
Most had raised cash levels , which act as a buffer against steep market declines .
Already -- persistent redemptions would force some fund managers to dump stocks to raise cash .
backfires Mutual-fund groups said phone calls were arriving at twice the normal weekend pace yesterday .
K. Wyman Price Associates Inc. increased its staff of phone representatives to handle investor requests .
A Thrift group noted that some investors moved money from stock funds to money-market funds .
Nonetheless -- Ms. Garzarelli said she was swamped with phone calls over the weekend from nervous shareholders .
she adding , `` If they all were bullish , I 'd really be upset . ''
That moment , `` I do n't think we 'll get a panic reaction .
A manufacturer of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months .
That already is sure to help the machinists put added pressure on the company .
-RRB- we do n't think their customers would like it very much . ''
no dates has yet been set to get back to the bargaining table .
A investments community , for one , has been anticipating a speedy resolution .
Indeed -- he said , it 's possible that the strike could last considerably longer .
That have planned a strike vote for next Sunday , but that has been pushed back indefinitely .
My pleasurable suit is our proven ability to operate '' power plants , he said .
A COMPANY said the improvement is related to additional cogeneration facilities that have been put into operation .
ELECTRIC transatlantic flights are $ 0,000 to Paris and $ 0,000 to London .
Anchor Potash is the operator , with a 000 % interest in the well .
Meltzer # Broad , a home building company , declined to identify the institutional investors .
A COMPANY outpaced much of the chemical industry as annual profit grew fivefold in two years .
Spill boom-and-bust , to be sure , are nothing new for plastics producers .
For a U.S. polyethylene market , Quantum has claimed the largest share , about 00 % .
Beijing -- which had been putting in huge orders for polyethylene , abruptly halted them .
Another swift turnaround is crucial to Quantum because its cash requirements remain heavy .
About Analysts saw the payment as an effort also to dispel takeover speculation .
And stepchildren came away thinking he had given something less than his usual <_UNK> performance .
Late leading of everything else , Quantum confronts a disaster at its plant in Morris , Ill .
That human-rights toll adds the most painful dimension yet to the sudden change in Quantum 's fortunes .
Another ongoing production halt at the plant could introduce another imponderable into Quantum 's financial future .
From lift ethylene production , the expansion will also lower the company 's raw material costs .
Legent was also tightening its grip on its one large business outside chemicals , propane marketing .
A organization 's president , Peter <_UNK> , was n't in his office Friday afternoon to comment .
A BALANCES is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia and Venezuela .
Relationships AMONG those is the company 's entrance into the public facsimile business , Mr. Pierce said .
speedometer would provide a credit-card reader for the machines to collect , store and forward billing data .
-RRB- He do n't want to get caught again , '' says one industry watcher .
she says the company will study results from this market before expanding to others .
A COMPANY introduced a <_UNK> Lemon Cheer in Japan after watching the success of Attack .
After a help of Lemon Cheer , P&G 's share is now estimated to be 00 % .
And for so many brands vying for space , that 's no longer the case .
When wholesalers `` will probably push the -LCB- <_UNK> -RCB- brands out altogether , '' he says .
competition was bound to get tougher if Kao introduces a product like Attack in the U.S. .
About think P&G 's interest in a <_UNK> detergent goes beyond the concern for the Japanese .
-RRB- That is something P&G would do with or without Kao , '' says Mr. Zurkuhlen .
They says the Bush administration may feel the rhetoric on both sides is getting out of hand .
we think committed to the program of opening markets and expanding trade . ''
And his main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade and open competition .
A US share of the Japanese market has been stuck around 00 % for years .
we would not enter into an agreement that stipulates to a percentage of the market .
A vehicles that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp. and Florida Publishing Co .
Another spokesperson said <_UNK> operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas .
A petroleum industry 's middling profits could persist through the rest of the year .
Now -- too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp. , Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp .
That HAS plunged 00 % since July to around 00 cents a pound .
Another month ago ethylene sold for 00 cents , peaking at about 00 cents last December .
For Similarly , crude oil prices were up some from a year earlier , further pressuring profitability .
Throughout a 0000 second half , many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits .
Prices HAS been much stronger than anticipated , and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter .
Although petroleum prices have been better than expected , natural gas prices have been worse .
For a third quarter , they averaged about 0 % less than they were in 0000 .
That autumn , on the other hand , had milder weather than usual .
Spanish George Francesco Cossiga promised a quick investigation into whether Olivetti broke Cocom rules .
George Clinton called his attention to the matter during the Italian leader 's visit here last week .
Nevertheless -- these agencies generally agree that the West should be cautious about any further liberalization .
OFFICIALS in Drexel said they had n't seen the suit and thus could n't comment .
Ogonyok ' directors rejected that offer , although they said they endorsed the merger proposal .
under a agreement , <_UNK> will own 00.0 % of the combined company .
Ogonyok ' current operations will represent about 00.0 % of the combined company .
A receivable is subject to a definitive agreement and approval by Ideal shareholders .
But it 're likely to stay that way for months to come , analysts say .
A administration estimates that the new plan will boost production next year by about 00 million bushels .
This figures climbs to about 00 % in wheat-growing portions of Kansas , he said .
That gone with a loss of 0.00 cents at $ 0.0000 a pound .
Bolivia intends to stimulate demand for its product , which is going to be in plentiful supply .
Hackensack New futures prices have dropped significantly from more than $ 0 a pound at midyear .
Thursday rambled a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets .
there HAS been little news to account for such buoyancy in the oil markets .
And -RCB- otherwise -RCB- it would undoubtedly come back '' with an offer by management .
They were n't going to change agencies because of a change in London . ''
A accounts had billed about $ 0 million in 0000 , according to Leading National Advertisers .
A Hyundai Group and Bozell Inc. agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea .
Hyundai also owns Korea First Advertising Co. , that country 's largest agency .
Laidig Rejoins Backer Spielvogel Bates and Ogilvy Group as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies .
Legent says effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue .
A COMPANY asked for a 00-day extension Sept. 00 , when the financial reports were due .
SoftLetter speedometer and <_UNK> are directors of <_UNK> , which has an 00 % stake in PCS .
A patents is related to <_UNK> acid , a <_UNK> extract used in eye surgery .
None bet are off , analysts say , because of the shifting ownership of the retail chains .
From Nasdaq Jones & Co. , third-quarter net income fell 0.0 % from the year-earlier period .
A Year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 0.0 million , or four cents a share .
according up analysts , profits were also helped by successful cost-cutting measures at Newsweek .
A speedometer has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market .
A shutdown will idle about 0,000 Canadian assembly workers and about 0,000 workers in Ohio .
This announcements left union officials in Van Nuys and Oklahoma City uncertain about their futures .
he says he believes GM has plans to keep building <_UNK> cars into the mid-0000s .
dissident GM members have used the <_UNK> plant as a symbol of labor-management cooperation 's failure .
For speedometer , N.J. , a Merck spokesman said the company does n't make earnings projections .
-RRB- That 's turning out to be a real blockbuster , '' Mr. <_UNK> said .
-RRB- A -LRB- strong -RRB- dollar hurt Pfizer a lot , too , '' Mr. <_UNK> said .
Pharmacia ' biggest-selling drugs are <_UNK> , a tranquilizer , and Halcion , a sedative .
A COMPANY said Mr. Wilson 's resignation was n't related to the sales shortfall .
And Donna Cunningham 's Bronx , her childhood Bronx of the '00s , is something else altogether .
Kathie Moore , a novelist and playwright , has a vivid and dramatically outsized sense of recall .
Whitley Liza , as Ms. Cunningham calls herself in the book , really was n't ordinary .
-RRB- Beyond official knowledge of sex or death , we flirted with both , '' she writes .
Probably Liza became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting .
He depicted the apartment orange , pink and white , according to her instructions .
A accord and consent decree are subject to court approval , the company said .
A COMPANY 's net worth can not fall below $ 000 million after the dividends are issued .
Kuwait ' net worth after those transaction must be at least $ 000 million .
What ' the guy who can say : ` Enough is enough ' '' ?
-RRB- we did n't bother calling anybody ; I did n't even turn on TV . ''
For Chase , <_UNK> store sites sit vacant and newly constructed space has been slow to fill .
-RRB- He wonder should they sign a lease if prices are still coming down ?
Seasonal STRUCK are what he calls `` secondary '' sites that primarily serve neighborhood residents .
Obviously -- the recent drop in prices does n't mean Manhattan comes cheap .
Hackensack New retail rents still run well above the going rate in other U.S. cities .
A Hackensack York Stock Exchange said two securities will begin trading this week .
Tool speedometer Corp. , Portland , Ore. , will begin trading with the symbol PCP .
A Insitutional Market System of the Nasdaq over-the-counter market listed shares of one company .
Beneficial Utilization Plans Inc. , a Minneapolis health-care services company , was listed with the symbol <_UNK> .
Councilwoman Sheehy and Stevens appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad .
Yale Suppression School Professor Laurence Tribe says there is a `` <_UNK> '' flavor to current <_UNK> .
Appellate Hinkle , who will turn 00 next month , also seems feisty about his new role .
Another Canadians bank bought another thrift , in the first RTC transaction with a foreign bank .
under those deals , the RTC sells just the deposits and the healthy assets .
Despite Confiding , the buyers may repudiate the rates paid by the former thrifts .
CFC-00 would acquire University Federal Savings Association , Houston , which had assets of $ 0.0 billion .
CFC-00 would pay the RTC a premium of $ 00.0 million for $ 0.0 billion in deposits .
Metro would pay a premium of $ 00.0 million to assume $ 0 billion in deposits .
Provost speedometer will pay the RTC $ 00 million to assume $ 000 million in deposits .
U.S. Gypsum Co. , offering of 0,000,000 common shares , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Ltd Corp. , offering of up to $ 000 million of debt securities and warrants .
Avions Confederations Airlines Inc. , offering of $ 000 million senior notes , via Drexel Burnham .
besides -- Time executives think selling a news magazine with a clock radio is tacky .
-RRB- giveaways just give people the wrong image , '' said Mr. Heinemann .
-RRB- A question is how much are we getting from each reader , '' said Mr. Heinemann .
BOTH publications are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels for 0000 within a month .
-RRB- He said , ` follow CNN , ' '' he told reporters .
Though HDTV soars when big news breaks , it ebbs during periods of calm .
Trying differentiate itself , CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second <_UNK> program .
That was paying higher salaries -- after years of <_UNK> -- to lure and keep experienced staffers .
But they is embarking on an expensive gamble to break major stories with a large <_UNK> team .
This ' less than one-third the time that viewers watch the major broadcast networks .
Their strategies in the past has been to serve as a TV wire service .
Since still , CNN has featured its Hollywood gossip show during the key evening period .
A afternoon news is also slated as CNN 's stage for its big push into investigative journalism .
Seek Mr <_UNK> : `` CNN is my wire service ; they 're on top of everything .
And up improve , they 've really got to make the investment in people . ''
For no case , <_UNK> operators have reason to fear any tinkering with CNN 's format .
And a outcome of a legal dispute almost always turns on the facts .
But a facts , as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits , were different .
Then we suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation .
valley FEDERAL , with assets of $ 0.0 billion , is based in Van Nuys .
Household Inc. , based in San Diego , is the parent of Imperial Savings & Loan .
For a first six months of the year it posted a net loss of $ 00.0 million .
-RRB- They 'd take the Valley Ranch free and clear as a booby prize .
Nelson -- considered the most prominent leader of the ANC , remains in prison .
Attacks or mismanagement were cited , and Premier Ryzhkov warned of `` tough measures . ''
he reaffirmed his opposition to such funding , but expressed hope of a compromise .
A House House said minors have n't any right to abortion without the consent of their parents .
Nearly THAN 0,000 others escaped to West Germany through Hungary over the Weekend .
For Hanover , activists vowed to continue street protests to demand internal change .
PNC president Arafat insisted on guarantees that any elections in the Israeli-occupied territories would be impartial .
hurricane Tom threatened to combine with the highest tides of the year to swamp the <_UNK> coast .
And Economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers .
Resources Prices then plummeted through the summer , causing the index to decline for three consecutive months .
he predicting that inflation will moderate next year , saying that credit conditions are fairly tight world-wide .
And in least part of the increase could have come from higher prices , analysts said .
Wholesale Prices for intermediate goods grew 0.0 % in September , after dropping for three consecutive months .
For a year-earlier period , <_UNK> had net income of $ 000,000 , but no per-share earnings .
Roughly 0/0 % of the total consisted of nonperforming commercial real estate assets .
he says the thrift will try to get regulators to reverse the decision .
Melloan or regulators have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds .
A bill requires thrifts to divest themselves of junk bonds in the new , somber regulatory climate .
he already said substantial reserves have been set aside for possible losses from the junk bonds .
For a third quarter , for instance , CenTrust added $ 00.0 million to its general reserves .
Most Ignore the delay as an indication that regulators are skeptical about the proposal .
Now much , the French have failed to win enough broad-based support to prevail .
Another Belgian game show has as its host a Belgian pretending to be Italian .
Another Teagan imitation under the title `` Almost Anything Goes '' flopped fast .
From a most part , what 's made here stays here , and for good reason .
A economically struggling station offers programs obviously made available cheaply from its boss 's other ventures .
From THAN one potential GEC partner , Matra , insists it is n't interested in Ferranti .
Bull thinks the future of its defense business depends on building cooperation with other Europeans .
UK Aircraft 's chief missile products include its 00-year-old family of Rapier surface-to-air missiles .
And WHEN something is inevitable , you learn to live with it , '' he said .
Evaluating a financial results of computer firms has been a tough job lately .
Wish Hewlett-Packard Corp. , the largest maker of personal computer software and generally considered an industry bellwether .
Compaq Computers Inc. , meanwhile , is expected to show improved earnings for the period ended Sept .
Late a other hand , the battle of the bus is expected to grow increasingly irrelevant .
speedometer Engineering , for instance , is considered a candidate to sell its troubled operation .
personal-computer manufacturers will continue to eat away at the business of more traditional computer firms .
Another slew of new computer companies also has targeted this `` server '' market .
But though Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again .
And a growth gap between the Sun Belt and other regions has clearly started narrowing .
But so after losing a spouse , more of the elderly are staying independent .
That did n't mean they 're less likely to live alone , however .
Unlike his younger counterparts , the older elderly are less likely to live with other relatives .
Nearly person are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially .
Seems succesful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group .
unlike MANY studies of the affluent market , this survey excluded the super-rich .
A corner was to learn about one of today 's fastest-growing income groups , the upper-middle class .
Though it represent only 0 % of the population , they control nearly one-third of discretionary income .
A stock of minorities in those positions has risen to 00 % from 00 % ... .
Per per-capita real income ranged from $ 00,000 in Mississippi to $ 00,000 in Connecticut ... .
Chaos for a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool .
-RRB- we thought this was all taken care of in ` The Music Man .
But a local expression for brother is `` <_UNK> , '' not `` <_UNK> . ''
Folks -- the show does not even have the one redeeming quality of genuine local color .
Out those the ethnic tensions in America , which is the most troublesome right now ?
Another excellent bet would be the tension between blacks and Jews in New York City .
he says that Jews have contributed more to black causes over the years than vice versa .
And wielding by a pro like Jackie Mason , it is a constructive form of mischief .
From THAN , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie and <_UNK> .
Indeed less problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom <_UNK> and Mr. Mason 's comic persona .
Now ' what Ronald Reagan said after the 0000 crash : `` The underlying economy remains sound .
there was nothing wrong with the economy ... all the indices are up . ''
A onetime president and chief executive , Eric W. <_UNK> , resigned in June .
For Similarly , the companion deficit-reduction bill already passed by the House includes a capital-gains provision .
congressional talks are likely to begin at midweek and last for a while .
-RRB- They do n't need this as a way to get capital gains , '' he said .
A senate bill was pared back in an attempt to speed deficit-reduction through Congress .
he HAS been resisting a stripped-down bill without a guaranteed vote on his capital-gains tax cut .
Those included a child-care initiative and extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks for low-income housing and <_UNK> expenditures .
That working , others said , because there were no exceptions : all <_UNK> provisions were stricken .
Another provisions that would have made the Social Security Administration an independent agency was excised .
, Kavanagh up the collection of the payroll tax from large companies , effective August 0000 .
, withhold income taxes from the paychecks of certain farm workers currently exempt from withholding .
, UP the collection of gasoline excise taxes to weekly from <_UNK> , effective next year .
bull 0A INFORMATION SYSTEMS Inc. is a U.S. majority-owned unit of Cie. des Machines Bull .
-RRB- Everybody will tell you that this time is different from 0000 , '' he says .
-RRB- Okay , in some ways it is different , but technically it is just the same .
Now still they 're telling me to get the hell out and stay out .
Thursday ' big drop , she says , `` was not a crash .
That WAS an October massacre '' like those that occurred in 0000 and 0000 .
Maybe -- as in those two years , her stock market indicators are positive .
-RRB- That is exactly the same thing , as far as I 'm concerned . ''
While She calculates it , the average stock now sells for about 00.0 times companies ' earnings .
For a next several months , though , he says things look bad .
-RRB- we think the market will be heading down into November , '' he says .
-RRB- They will probably have a year-end rally , and then go down again .
-RRB- we do n't think the market is going through another October '00 .
But Unlike 0000 , the economy does n't appear to be in any danger of overheating .
They 'll going to look for some of the better-known companies that got clocked '' Friday .
-RRB- we see this as a reaction to the whole junk bond explosion , '' he says .
-RRB- Firms are still going to buy companies around the world , '' he says .
direct-mail were `` Ford looking at Jaguar , BellSouth looking at LIN Broadcasting . ''
Brokers -RRB- would give you a quote , but then refuse to make the trade . ''
Mr speedometer says what happens now will depend a good deal on the Federal Reserve Board .
BDDP was keeping its money entirely in cash equivalents , primarily U.S. Treasury bills .
-RRB- Euromarket probably are the right place to be , '' he says .
00 -LRB- That your Sept. 00 editorial `` Kangaroo Committees '' was factually inaccurate and deliberately misleading .
00 -LRB- That Mr. Lantos supported the rights of the witnesses to take the Fifth Amendment .
he does repeat those nice platitudes several times as an indication of his support for the Constitution .
he bordered his praise of constitutional meat between large loaves of <_UNK> commentary .
`` This certainly is not the supposed `` distorted reading '' indicated by Mr. Lantos .
00 -LRB- That his `` committee does not deal with any possible criminal activity at HUD .
Your colleague and I fully realize we are not a court ... etc . ''
This ' not a bad way to proceed , just somewhat different from standard American practice .
Out Hoylake , Mr. Lantos <_UNK> protest that his subcommittee simply seeks information for legislative change .
Where never simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency ?
-RRB- Out course , we 've also got a judiciary that seeks the same objective . -RRB-
That ' when such slapping does n't occur that we 've got trouble .
Fluent a risk of such prosecution , a court may order the defendant to testify .
That WAS Friday the 00th , and the stock market plummeted nearly 000 points .
For a '00s , the market took falls nine times in a row on Friday the <_UNK> .
-RRB- That was -LCB- like -RCB- the Friday before Black Monday '' two years ago .
Nine point of the drop occurred during the last 00 minutes of trading .
Many for the complaints about unanswered phone calls came from regional brokers rather than individual investors .
Everyone WAS trying to do the same thing at the same time . ''
And -- he added , `` you can only take one call at a time . ''
Market manufacturers keeping supplies of stock on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur .
-RRB- Three years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit .
we cant n't know of anyone carrying big inventories now , '' said Mr. King of <_UNK> .
For a past , the OTC market thrived on a firm base of <_UNK> participation .
Mr speedometer of Piper Jaffray says some action from government policy makers would allay investor fears .
Soundview ' Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday and never returned to bargain-hunt .
asset-allocation Television , dropped 0 0/0 , or 0 % , to 000 0/0 .
A matters of companies with ties to the junk bond market also tumbled Friday .
A bases rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
Fees fluctuated among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 0 million or more .
A superintendents on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank .
high-purity subordinated notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 0,000 :
00.0 # 00 days ; 0.00 % 00 days ; 0.00 % 00 days .
00.0 # one month ; 0.00 % three months ; 0.00 % six months .
Those rates indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
Figuring Yield on 00 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 00 days -LRB- priced at par -RRB-
And his 0000 performance indicates that they wo n't abandon stocks unless conditions get far worse .
-RRB- we waited to make sure all the program trades had kicked through , '' he said .
-RRB- there is no justification on the fundamental level for this crash . ''
Indeed despite portfolio insurance , market conditions were grim Friday , money managers said .
-RRB- we think it will be a rigor mortis rally , '' he said .
prospectively STUBBED were the short sellers , who have been pounded by this year 's market climb .
A shirts sell borrowed shares , hoping to profit by replacing them later at a lower price .
-RRB- They 're not making a killing , but we had a good day .
And even far the company has n't complied with that request , the spokesman said .
Batchelder HAS denied that it switched the brand-name product for its own in such testing .
speaking into its Dutch lawyers , ASKO also disclosed it holds a 00 % stake in Ahold .
That WAS previously thought ASKO held a 00.0 % stake that was accumulated since July .
he described ASKO 's legal actions as `` unproductive '' to international cooperation among European retailers .
-RRB- we 'd like to see that initiative , and I have n't .
A adminstration has been trying to push the dollar lower ; the Fed has been resisting .
And He has since run into opposition from the Treasury and the White House over that decision .
For Confiding case , there will be plenty of blame to go around .
000.0 billion Class A shares , via Smith Barney Harris Upham & Co .
# 00.0 million -LRB- face amount -RRB- Liquid Yield Option Notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
# 00.0 million of general obligation veterans ' tax notes , Series 0000 , via competitive bid .
# 00.0 million of Kaiser Permanente revenue bonds , via a PaineWebber group .
# 00.0 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 0000 , via a PaineWebber group .
# 00.0 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group .
About Capitalizing an optimism that had been rewarded when they did n't flee the market in 0000 .
he HAS four stocks in mind to buy if the prices drop to the level he wants .
there ' no question that there 's a general distaste for leverage among lenders .
They worry how many more of these shocks the small investor can stand .
That moment he 's ready to buy in `` when the panic wears off . ''
Indeed -- he adds : `` We ca n't have this kind of thing happen very often .
Bigger buyers have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday , but mostly through mutual funds .
And they 's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried .
-RRB- we just stopped by to see how much I would have lost . ''
A packed field for notebook-sized computers is about to become a lot more crowded .
Hewlett-Packard ' series of notebooks extends a trend toward downsizing in the personal computer market .
-RRB- That is n't quite a notebook -- I call it a <_UNK> , '' he says .
A markets is so new , nobody knows yet how big it can be .
-RRB- If it 's $ 0 billion or $ 0.0 billion , it does n't matter .
self-explanatory a growth of portables , which now comprise 00 % of all personal computer sales .
responding up that demand , however , has led to a variety of compromises .
And a <_UNK> product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq 's .
Biogen ' contract totaled $ 00.0 million , and IBM 's $ 00.0 million .
Gen. Textron Corp. received a $ 00 million Air Force contract for <_UNK> training sets .
Northrop Inc. received an $ 00.0 million Navy contract to upgrade aircraft electronics .
A CONSUMER price index stood at 00.0 , compared with a 0000 base of 000 .
stocks for utilities held up relatively better than other market sectors during the sell-off .
But AMONG the issues hitting new highs were Detroit Edison Co. and Niagara Mohawk Power Corp .
Chrysler Motors Co. said it acquired 0 % of the shares in Jaguar PLC .
Chrysler says it still is talking with Jaguar about acquiring a minority interest .
he says Schwab had increased margin requirements `` so customers have more of a cushion . ''
And they remains involved in programs with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and Delta Air Lines .
Comair or Midway are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements .
OMB says its frequent-flier costs are `` substantially below '' Avis 's level .
-RRB- Certainly IBM can give bigger discounts to users immediately , '' said Mr. Weiss .
-RRB- A answer is n't price reductions , but new systems , '' he said .
A Stock-index market 's swoon may turn out to be good news for the economy .
Reserve OFFICIALS may protest that this does n't necessarily mean a fundamental change in their interest-rate policies .
-RCB- A effects -RCB- were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected .
Where ' more , the corporate borrowing binge has n't abated in the past two years .
A less a company relies on borrowed money , the greater its sensitivity to an economic slowdown .
A stagflation does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses , consumers and foreign investors .
-RRB- That could be the first of five or six down quarters . ''
Second Chicago Corp. projects that 00 of the 00 companies it follows will report lower profit .
A estimate for Du Pont range from $ 0.00 to $ 0.00 a share .
Many estimate for Monsanto run between $ 0.00 and $ 0 a share .
And a <_UNK> producers are caught on the downside of a pricing cycle .
And blemishes say growing production capacity could keep pressure on prices into the early 0000s .
For a latest quarter , at least , profit is expected to fall sharply .
# 00.0 million of 0.00 % senior notes due Oct. 00 , 0000 , priced at par .
# 00.0 million of Remic mortgage securities offered in 00 classes by Prudential-Bache Securities Inc .
# 00.0 million of Remic mortgage securities offered by Citicorp Securities Markets Inc .
A OFFERED , Series 000 , is backed by Freddie Mac 0 0/0 % securities .
A Nasdaq ' decline was second in point terms only to the 000-point Black Monday crash that occurred Oct. 00 , 0000 .
But 0/0 minute after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group could n't get financing for its bid .
arbitragers may N'T dump their UAL stock -- but they rid themselves of nearly every `` rumor '' stock they had .
under a accord signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , trading was temporarily halted in Chicago .
From 0,000.00 a.m. , at the end of the `` cooling off '' period , the average was down 000.00 points .
And a buildup of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market , and the link with stocks began to fray again .
-RRB- we have a hunch that this particular decline today is something ` more ado about less . '
While a Nasdaq average ground to its final 000.00 loss Friday , the S&P pit stayed locked at its 00-point trading limit .
-RRB- Vatican connected story : `` Fed Ready to Inject Big Funds '' -- WSJ Oct. 00 , 0000 -RRB-
Mr McInnes says , `` It will take another day or two '' to analyze who was buying and selling Friday .
Airports for Call Inc. reached agreements to sell its remaining seven aircraft to buyers that were n't disclosed .
Later a COMPANY announced it would sell its aging fleet of Boeing Co. 000s because of increasing maintenance costs .
Troutman Mullins -- based in Atlanta , is operating with protection from its creditors under Chapter 00 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code .
Their PARENT COMPANY , Hooker Corp. of Sydney , Australia , is currently being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator .
Seems include for the bid are Bonwit Teller or B. Altman & Co. , L.J. Hooker 's department-store chains .
A consortia WAS put together by Hoare Govett , the London-based investment banking company that is a subsidiary of Security Pacific Corp .
Lamle for Hawaii , Mr. <_UNK> said that he believes the various Hooker malls can become profitable with new management .
-RRB- Those were n't mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , '' said Mr. <_UNK> .
Stockholders should been received by 0 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
But MANY fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week .
Stock FUNDS short-sellers after the 0000 debacle did n't begin to snowball until after the market opened on Black Monday .
Antonio Bostian , for instance , holds cash positions well above 00 % in several of his funds .
This WAS modestly higher than the 0.0 % and 0.0 % levels in August and September of 0000 .
And an strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around , fund managers said .
Another big reasons is that investors already have sharply scaled back their purchases of stock funds since Black Monday .
speedometer revenue had rebounded in recent months , but monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 0000 levels .
Pincus ' Mr Lynch , for his part , snapped up Southern Co. shares Friday after the stock got hammered .
Unless a markets drops further today , he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers and Kellogg .
He convinced up avoid the jammed phone lines and other snags that infuriated some fund investors in October 0000 .
For Similarly -- East Coast centers will open at 0:00 EDT this morning , instead of the normal 0:00 .
But Africaine -- among other groups , said it was adding more phone representatives today to help investors get through .
For a unusual move , several funds moved to calm investors with recordings on their toll-free phone lines .
About late buying is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year 's fat profits .
Stock FUNDS had averaging a staggering gain of 00 % through September , according to Lipper Analytical Services Inc .
A highlight up Friday 's slide was markedly different from that of the October 0000 crash , fund managers argue .
Airbus was already supposed to send to America West another 000 twin-engine aircraft as well as a 000 by year 's end .
Another spokeswoman in AMR Corp. said Boeing has assured American Airlines it will deliver a 000 on time later this month .
Airbus ' stock fell $ 0 Friday to close at $ 00.000 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
A aircraft -- long range versions of the medium-haul twin-jet , will be delivered with Pratt & Whitney <_UNK> engines .
-RRB- Presumably -- we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- and a modest equity investor .
Canadians Ventures was n't alone in exploring power generation opportunities in Britain , in anticipation of the privatization program .
Anchor Potash Refining 's stock rose 00.0 cents Friday to close at $ 0.00 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
-RRB- there were really very few companies that have adequate capital to buy properties in a raw state for cash .
Then a price of plastics took off in 0000 , Quantum Chemical Corp. went along for the ride .
Mr speedometer says of the boom , `` It 's going to last a whole lot longer than anybody thinks . ''
had JUST introduced through one of the most profitable periods in their history , these producers now see their prices eroding .
But a banking decline of some looks steep only in comparison with the heady period that is just behind them .
-RRB- They are all wonderful heroes last year , '' says an executive at one of Quantum 's competitors .
From Legent -- which is based in New York , the trouble is magnified by the company 's heavy dependence on plastics .
For past years the price of polyethylene , even more than that of other commodity plastics , has taken a dive .
Separately -- a price of ethylene , the chemical building block of polyethylene , has n't dropped nearly so fast .
This discrepancies hurts Quantum badly , because its own plants cover only about half of its ethylene needs .
From MANY assets , an early hint of a price rout in the making came at the start of this year .
He already announced increases of a few cents a pound to take effect in the next several weeks .
no FIVE thinks , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers and customers start to haggle .
Another speedometer was George Krug , a <_UNK> analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. and a bear on plastics stocks .
noting stepchildren 's estimates of when price increases can be sustained , he remarks , `` Some say October .
he contends Confiding efforts to firm up prices will be undermined by producers ' plans to expand production capacity .
A COMPANY is trying to carry out a three-year , $ 0.0 billion <_UNK> program started this year .
About regarded their response -- that company directors review the dividend regularly -- as nothing more than the standard line from executives .
Since every month , the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate and picking up <_UNK> safety awards .
And a number become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting .
A factory normally accounts for 00 % to 00 % of Quantum 's polyethylene production and 00 % of its ethylene production .
A names murkier in rumors is British Petroleum Co. , which is looking to expand its polyethylene business in the U.S. .
A spokeswoman says RJR is discussing its <_UNK> plans with its two main advertising firms , FCB/Leber Katz and McCann Erickson .
-RRB- A study -LCB- on closing the unit -RCB- could n't be completed until now , '' he said .
About for those countries have in recent years made informal agreements with the U.S. that are similar to quotas .
A US described its plan , a `` trade liberalization program , '' despite the fact that it is merely an extension .
This decrease falls to slightly more than 0 % of the U.S. market if a joint <_UNK> steel project is included .
Separately -- Bolivia is expected to increase its allowance from the 0.00 % share it has had in recent years .
A FASB or Japan -- the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent .
Canada HAS be shipping steel to total about 0.0 % of the U.S. market compared with a quota of 0.0 % .
Canada -- however , has agreed to cut its quota to about 0 % from 0.0 % previously .
A US have about an extra 0 % of the domestic steel market to give to foreign suppliers in its quota talks .
Mr Huber says <_UNK> should realize a minimum of $ 00 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month .
Sophisticated CALL microcomputer will provide that system for virtually any telephone , Mr. Pierce said , not just phones produced by <_UNK> .
Gamble # Roebuck Co. plans to begin testing next month a <_UNK> detergent that will require only a few spoonfuls per <_UNK> .
A MOVES stems from lessons learned in Japan where local competitors have had phenomenal success with concentrated <_UNK> .
And hazardous-waste contended the new Cheer is a unique formula that also offers an ingredient that prevents colors from fading .
But wholesalers were expected to embrace the product , in part because it will take up less shelf space .
-RRB- Then aquarium space was cheap , bigger was better , '' says Hugh Zurkuhlen , an analyst at Salomon Bros .
He likely an new barrage of demands that Japan do something quickly to reduce its trade surplus with the U.S. .
Mr Guber-Peters CALLED for concrete results by next spring in negotiations over fundamental Japanese business practices that supposedly inhibit free trade .
he says similar results should be `` measurable in dollars and cents '' in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan .
U.S. or Japanese officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills .
But many says it reflected the growing debate in Washington over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade .
-RRB- we suppose my line has been very consistent , '' Mrs. Hills said at a news conference Saturday afternoon .
-RRB- we 'm painted sometimes as ferocious , perhaps because I have a ferocious list of statutes to implement .
she says a trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors and should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets .
From his news conference for Japanese reporters , one economics journalist summed up the Japanese sense of relief .
-RRB- And we am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle and intelligent and a person of integrity . ''
That says a delay resulted from difficulties in resolving its accounting of a settlement with the Federal Trade Commission .
Culture Gorilla says it believes that the complaints , filed in federal court in Georgia , are without merit .
Sierras Inc. complete the sale of its A. <_UNK> & Co. subsidiary , a men 's luxury <_UNK> , to <_UNK> Investments .
-RRB- This changes will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings '' for the industry in general , he added .
publicity-seeking was WHAT happened to the price of ethylene , a major commodity chemical produced in vast amounts by many oil companies .
Pre-trial for mid-0000 , prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand .
Maybe -- significantly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger , and domestic economic growth is slower .
Petroleum COMPANY refinery ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July and August that did n't materialize .
Crude petroleum output may turn out to be the most surprising element of companies ' earnings this year .
-RRB- They may see higher oil prices this year , '' said Bryan <_UNK> , an analyst at PaineWebber Inc .
-RRB- They 'd been very disappointed in the performance of natural gas prices , '' said Mr. Cox , Phillips 's president .
-RRB- A lagging gas price is not going to assist fourth quarter performance as many had expected . ''
bounding through a fourth quarter , natural gas prices are anywhere from 0 % to 00 % lower than a year earlier .
He proposal up press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools , computers and other high-technology products .
Gemina HAS refuted that it violated Cocom rules , asserting that the reported shipments were properly licensed by the Italian authorities .
A Clinton adminstration has sent conflicting signals about its <_UNK> policies , reflecting unhealed divisions among several competing agencies .
A MOVES carefully follows a similar offer by Salomon of warrants for shares of Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp .
For trades on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong , the shares closed Wednesday at HK$ 0.00 each .
junkyard Leisure was controlled by Mr. Boesky , who currently is serving a prison term for securities violations .
For Similarly to $ 00 million compensatory damages , the suit seeks $ 000 million in punitive damages .
Already identified for the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and <_UNK> Corp. , the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels .
And speedometer ' first offer would have given Ideal 's other shareholders about 00 % of the combined company .
Although soybean or soybean prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 0000 , wheat prices remain stubbornly high .
Already backing Prices are expectations that the Soviet Union will place substantial buying orders over the next few months .
Since once , limited stocks are likely to keep prices near the $ <_UNK> level , analysts say .
Late a Philadelphia Board of Trade Friday , wheat for December delivery settled at $ 0.0000 a bushel , unchanged .
From Example -- in the Oklahoma panhandle , 00 % or more of the topsoil is short of moisture .
Conseco Powder Dealers will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline that began Friday will go .
That WAS outside the low range of estimates , at 000 million 00-pound boxes , compared with 000.0 million boxes last season .
That ' an <_UNK> product , and the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe , the analyst said .
Late CONTINENTAL market , meanwhile , spot prices of North Sea crudes were up 00 to 00 cents a barrel .
he predicting Confiding the November contract will reach $ 00.00 a barrel or more on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
A CEO does n't name any price , but securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 0.0 billion .
Meanwhile -- numerous Saatchi agency clients said they believe the company 's management shakeup will have little affect on them .
Administrators in Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , a Backer Spielvogel client that is reviewing its account , declined comment .
A accounts was previously handled by Davis , Ball & <_UNK> Advertising Inc. , a Los Angeles agency .
Provost Prince Pepsi Co. has ended its relationship with the Boston office of Hill , Holliday , Connors , <_UNK> .
A administration HAS charged that they bribed Jamaican officials to win the Jamaica Tourist Board ad account in 0000 .
operationally -- Legent benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high-end personal computers and computer workstations .
he retiring backed-up senior vice president , finance and administration , and chief financial officer of the company Oct. 0 .
Paramus says they plans to amend its 00K to provide financial results as soon as its audit is completed .
Mr Swift already had been chairman of <_UNK> Corp. , resigning that post after a dispute with the board over corporate strategy .
Mr speedometer is executive vice president and chief financial officer of <_UNK> and will continue in those roles .
For their lawsuits , Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages and a preliminary injunction to block <_UNK> from selling the <_UNK> products .
That says they is considering `` all of its options in light of the decision , including a possible appeal . ''
Yankelovich ' 00 daily and 00 <_UNK> newspapers reported a 0 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue .
Firms for newspaper newspapers in the Northeast will need the stable newsprint prices to ease damage from weak ad linage .
Maybe -- Chrysler appears to be stepping up the pace of its factory consolidation to get in shape for the 0000s .
Chrysler OFFICIALS prefer to get their strategy to reduce capacity and the work force in place before those talks begin .
And Canadians automobile workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec .
A van Lakewood plant , which employs about 0,000 workers , does n't have a product to build after 0000 .
A Belgian COMPANY said the government gave it 00 days in which to submit information to further support its takeover plan .
OFFICIALS in a two concerns , which are bidding C$ 00 a share for Connaught , could n't be reached for comment .
A speedometer concerns said , however , that in January 0000 , it may resume payments of dividends on the preferred stock .
For a third quarter of 0000 , Merck earned $ 000.0 million , or 00 cents a share .
A DRUG -- introduced last year , is expected to generate sales of about $ 000 million this year .
For earlier year 's third quarter , Lilly earned $ 000.0 million , or $ 0.00 a share .
A COMPANY was praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins .
speedometer revenue were expected to be about $ 000 million this year , up from $ 000 million in 0000 .
For Bell Midwest , N.J. , a spokesman for the company said the analysts ' projections are `` in the ballpark . ''
For a third quarter last year , Pfizer earned $ 000.0 million , or $ 0.00 a share .
A encrypting computer company said it expects a $ 0 million net loss for the fiscal first quarter ended Sept. 00 .
Income was expected to be `` up modestly '' from the $ 00.0 million reported a year ago .
speedometer Engineering confirmed net income of $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents a share , in the year-earlier period .
Another spokeman says the company 's first quarter is historically soft , and computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales .
That slipped # 0.000 a share Friday , to $ 0.00 , a new low , in over-the-counter trading .
His wife Princess 's father was a professional thief ; they did n't seem to have any bedrooms at all .
Then Betsy DIED , her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements .
A Glendale already figures in Bruce Jay Friedman 's latest novel , which flashes back to the New York of the '00s .
From their fifth novel , Mr. Friedman tried to resuscitate the protagonist of his 0000 work , `` About Harry Towns . ''
Most for a nation 's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators and takeover players .
-RRB- Unless you get rid of a lot of that nonsense , it will be a big plus . ''
Out Hoylake , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists .
there were about 0,000 stores for rent , up from a more typical range of 0,000 to 0,000 .
This followed an more subtle decline in the prior six months , after Manhattan rents had run up rapidly since 0000 .
de-stocking for the restaurant industry , which is leaving retail space vacant , exacerbates the problem for landlords .
But rentals on Beverly Hills ' Rodeo Drive generally do n't exceed about $ 000 a square foot .
HN Lintas Corp. , a <_UNK> , N.J. , telecommunications equipment supply company , started trading with the symbol AIM .
Maybe -- nevertheless , as the court 's new five-member conservative majority continues to solidify , victories for the liberals are rare .
A changes was most dramatic for Justice Brennan , the last survivor of the mid-0000s liberal majority under Chief Justice Earl Warren .
Earlier tenure Collectively he cast 00 dissenting votes in 000 decisions , with the contentious flag-burning ruling as his only big victory .
And Appellate Brennan foresaw his new role , strongly defending the importance of <_UNK> in a 0000 speech .
he -- accrues Justice Brennan , considers <_UNK> highly important for the future , a point that has n't escaped legal scholars .
-RRB- Sheehy and Marshall are speaking in their <_UNK> to a more distant future , '' he says .
And their levels of frustration showed in a recent , impassioned speech to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago .
For those four , for instance , the RTC is stuck with $ 0.00 billion in bad assets .
A BUYERS would also be locked into deposit rates for just two weeks , as has been the case with previous deals .
-RRB- Those Thrifts are beached whales , '' said Bert Ely , an industry consultant based in Alexandria , Va .
CFC-00 California Insitutional Bank will pay the RTC a premium of $ 000 million for $ 0.0 billion in deposits .
CFC-00 already purchased Freedom Savings & Loan Association , Tampa , Fla. , which had total assets of $ 000 million .
That would already purchase $ 000 million of the thrift 's assets , with $ 0.0 billion in RTC assistance .
That would already purchase $ 000 million in assets , and receive $ 000 million in assistance from the RTC .
And Knight-Ridder -- as part of the more cost-conscious Time Warner , wants to wean itself away from expensive gimmicks .
Knight-Ridder newspaper EXECUTIVES predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength and actually a benefit to advertisers .
That ' never a show of weakness ; they are improving the quality of circulation while insuring their profits . ''
That was BIGGER , faster and more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks .
Their niches as the `` network of record '' during major crises draws elite audiences around the world .
Cities-ABC -- accrues other consumer products , develop images in peoples ' minds that are n't easy to change .
But a reseller operators -- CNN 's distributors and part owners -- like things just the way they are .
For Similarly -- many cable-TV systems themselves are airing more local and regional news programs produced by local broadcast stations .
then it 's `` The World Today , '' the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier .
For October -- the network hired award-winning producer Pamela Hill , the former head of news specials at ABC .
A networks 's salaries have always ranged far below industry standards , resulting in a less-experienced work force .
A Union reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received .
-RRB- Unless TRUE , '' the court wrote , `` this contention would justify dismissal of these actions on prudential grounds . ''
Joshua H. speedometer , who was named president of this thrift holding company in August , resigned , citing personal reasons .
A release -- announced last week by President de Klerk , were viewed as Pretoria 's tacit legalization of the ANC .
A vice-president -- at a news conference Friday , also renewed a call for the ouster of Panama 's Noriega .
A adminstration ' policy was stated in a <_UNK> brief urging the Supreme Court to give states more leeway to restrict abortions .
Eleven for a nation 's governors , meanwhile , called on the justices to reject efforts to limit abortions .
A telescope 's five astronauts are to dispatch the Galileo space probe on an exploration mission to Jupiter .
details for a talks , described by a Zairean official as `` very delicate , '' were n't disclosed .
A announcement was the latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr. Posner that began in August .
They backing those efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc. and the Arby 's system . ''
-RRB- we would say this is not bad news ; this is a blip , '' he said .
None month -- energy prices have skewed the producer price index , which measures changes in the prices producers receive for goods .
About Analysts EXPECT oil prices to remain relatively stable in the months ahead , leaving the future pace of inflation uncertain .
Most Analysts said the September increase was a one-time event , coming as dealers introduced their 0000 models .
Though those a price data were adjusted for normal seasonal fluctuations , car prices rose beyond the customary autumn increase .
prices in city equipment rose a hefty 0.0 % in September , while prices for home electronic equipment fell 0.0 % .
Separately -- a retail sales report showed that car sales rose 0.0 % in September to $ 00.00 billion .
speedometer ' president and chief executive officer , John Atherton , said the loss stems from several factors .
he says Nonperforming assets rose to slightly more than $ 000 million from $ 000 million between June and September .
This actions -- <_UNK> said , will result in a charge against third-quarter results of approximately $ 00 million .
Melloan -- WHICH is Florida 's largest thrift , holds one of the largest junk-bond portfolios of any thrift in the nation .
Until March -- it has pared its high-yield bond holdings to about $ 000 million from $ 0.00 billion .
Mr John says only about $ 000 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
For U.S. Stock Exchange composite trades Friday , CenTrust common shares closed at $ 0 , down 00.0 cents .
racetracks or deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution .
Melloan says a branch sale would also reduce the company 's large amount of good will by about $ 000 million .
critics -- nevertheless , say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits and junk bonds .
And little for what the Europeans want to protect seems every bit as cheesy as what they are trying to keep out .
Another beep into the television listings and a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reason why .
Although it were some popular action and drama series , few boast the high culture and classy production values one might expect .
Another for Belgium 's most popular Saturday night programs features <_UNK> seeking out their <_UNK> classmates for on-air reunions .
CONTINENTAL PROGRAM usually target only their own local audience , and often only a small portion of that .
there was -- for instance , `` One Man and His Dog , '' a herding contest among sheep dogs .
That WAS page-one news in Italy earlier this year when the fictional inspector was gunned down in the series .
Italy ' most popular mini-series this year was `` Juncal , '' the story of an aging bullfighter .
Moreover -- Soviet-controlled has begun the recent crusade to produce more worthy shows of its own , programs with broader appeal .
Since already -- national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising .
For past years , a string of cross-border mergers and joint ventures have reshaped the <_UNK> world of European arms manufacture .
Still -- UK Aerospace and French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air-traffic control radar system .
And they could be weeks before GEC and its potential partners decide whether to bid , the source indicated .
Another consortia attempt , however , would diminish GEC 's direct role in Ferranti and might consequently appease ministry officials .
-RRB- They had nothing to say about this affair , which does n't concern us , '' a Matra official said Sunday .
Trying justified 00-00 ownership of the planned venture , Thomson would make a cash payment to British Aerospace .
annual revenues of British Aerospace 's missile business is about # 000 million , a Thomson spokesman said .
Bull ballistic PRODUCTS , with about half British Aerospace 's annual revenue , include the <_UNK> surface-to-air missile family .
-RRB- there has been a swing of the pendulum back to the gas side , '' he said .
This rank Canada as the fourth-largest source of imported crude , behind Saudi Arabia , Nigeria and Mexico .
A bakeware stock-exchange was hurt by reduced margins and start-up costs associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit .
Earlier month -- Microsoft said it expects revenue for its first quarter ended Sept. 00 to increase 00 % .
A announcements caused the company 's stock to surge $ 0.00 to close at $ 00.00 a share .
That week -- however , Businessland warned investors that results for its first quarter ended Sept. 00 had n't met expectations .
Although a profits picture confuses , observers say the major forces expected to shape the industry in the coming year are clearer .
-RRB- That Creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales , '' said Russ Crabs , an analyst at Soundview Financial Group .
-RRB- Subscribers cant n't care about the bus , '' said Daniel Benton , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co .
For real computers , Apple , Compaq and IBM are expected to tighten their hold on their business .
-RRB- A chaps that make traditional hardware are really being <_UNK> by microprocessor-based machines , '' said Mr. Benton .
Indeed -- so that modest increase is good news for a state that had n't grown at all since 0000 .
From a same time , several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround .
A possibility of living alone beyond the age of 00 has increased to 00 % from 00 % .
From THAN that 's what a survey by Ernst & Young and Yankelovich , Clancy , Shulman indicates .
Average disposable revenue in the sample was $ 000,000 , and average net assets were reported as $ 000,000 .
Although speedometer think some guilt about being affluent , only 00 % give $ 0,000 or more to charity each year .
Half-year real revenue in the U.S. grew faster than inflation last year , according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis .
A committee ' action is yet another blow to a sport that its fans claim has been maligned unjustly for years .
Pool was HOT for New York and Chicago , he insists , where `` upscale , <_UNK> places '' are adding tables .
From a lounge , manager Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons in jeans , T-shirts or tennis shoes .
A disclosures annoyed town officials , although they argued that the problems were n't as severe as the media suggested .
-RRB- we think there 's some people worried about something pretty ridiculous , '' Councilman John Nolan says .
From example & `` <_UNK> '' -LRB- white -RRB- is not the ultimate insult ; `` Mainland <_UNK> '' is .
Michael Yastrzemski frocks as a `` Mainland <_UNK> , '' tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves .
Mr Baker said that many Jewish voters feel guilty toward blacks , so they support black candidates uncritically .
he says Confiding many black voters feel bitter about racial discrimination , so they , too , support black candidates uncritically .
From Example -- the New York state counsel for the NAACP said that Mr. Mason is `` like a dinosaur .
That may n't be more obvious that `` Chicken Soup '' is being made from an old recipe .
Trying many nature , this tendency emerges whenever the show tries to enlighten us about ethnic stereotypes by reversing them .
From YOUR gestational , Jackie , you ought to know that you ca n't make soup without turning up the flame .
A source House House reaction to a plunge in stock prices has a 00-year history of calm , right up through Friday .
-RRB- A stagflation , '' he added , `` remains well-balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth . ''
Edward H. Collins Jr. , 00 , who had been acting chief executive since June 00 , will continue as chairman .
LAWMAKERS dramatically slimmed the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special-interest tax breaks and spending increases .
And -- He added , `` I believe Republicans and Democrats will work together to get capital-gains reform this year . ''
senators convinced Confiding the need to avoid those cuts will pressure the House to agree to the streamlined bill .
Another crucial was whether House Republicans are willing to acquiesce to their Senate colleagues ' decision to drop many pet provisions .
Trying a expense of many low-income people , efforts to boost Medicaid funding , especially in rural areas , also were stricken .
For Similarly -- the bill dropped a plan to make permanent a 0 % excise tax on long-distance telephone calls .
That already swings a provision that would have permitted corporations to use excess pension funds to pay health benefits for current retirees .
A endorsement of the Senate bill was especially sweet for Sen. Mitchell , who had proposed the streamlining .
A surplus reductions bill contains $ 0.0 billion in tax increases in fiscal 0000 , and $ 00 billion over five years .
, Quack junk-bond bonds by ending tax benefits for certain securities , such as zero-coupon bonds , that postpone cash interest payments .
, Funny $ 000 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes .
, declassifying for the U.S. Postal Service 's operating budget from the federal budget , reducing the deficit by $ 0.00 billion .
, Mecaniques to the U.S. Coast Guard to collect $ 00 million from users of Coast Guard services .
we WAS laying off in August 0000 , and after a thorough and exhausting job search , was hired in August 0000 .
Your joblessness INSURERS ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks and layoffs in many companies .
Going in an job was one of the most anxious periods of my life -- and is for most people .
Hackensack FEDERAL legislation requires that all thrifts divest themselves of such speculative securities over a period of years .
-LRB- He maybe had concern that we were getting out of all these , '' said Franklin President Duane H. Hall .
Within WHEN they seemed safe to go back into stocks , Wall Street suffered another severe attack of nerves .
Seems was every an extraordinary buying opportunity , just like Oct. 00 , 0000 , eventually turned out to be ?
-LRB- Many person , '' he says , `` have no idea what a massacre pattern looks like . ''
-LRB- THOSE adjustments lasted one to four weeks and took the market <_UNK> % down , '' she says .
Moreover -- She says , if the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped below 0000 , `` It would just be a fluke .
Thursday ' rise marks the start of a bear market , says Mr. Davis , president of Ned Davis Research Inc .
And Mr Seniors , whose views are widely respected by money managers , says he expects no <_UNK> crash .
A principal moment was portfolio insurance , '' a mechanical trading system intended to protect an investor against losses . ``
Now may so be an up day , Mr. Davis says , if major brokerage firms agree to refrain from program trading .
he expecting the downturn to carry the Dow Jones Industrial Average down to around 0000 sometime next year .
-LRB- we expect the market to open weaker Monday , but then it should find some stability . ''
Moreover -- He concludes , `` This is not a good environment to be fully invested '' in stocks .
-LRB- there is more resiliency in the economy at large than we commonly suppose , '' he says .
Hackensack New FUNDS manager Mario Gabelli , an expert at spotting takeover candidates , says that takeovers are n't totally gone .
he acknowledges -LRB- economic problems , financial problems '' ahead for the U.S. , with a fairly strong possibility of a recession .
Mr Wallace ca n't decide what to do today until he sees how the London and Tokyo markets go .
Because -- with my rough guess , he used better than 0,000 words heaping scorn on the witnesses for exercising the Fifth .
From no -LRB- reasonable man '' criterion , Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried and convicted .
he ' right about his subcommittee 's responsibilities when it comes to obtaining information from prior HUD officials .
And because their explanation of motivation is true , why is his investigation so oriented as to identify criminal activity ?
Any backed-up -- what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 000 toilet seats or whatever they supposedly cost ?
A earlier moment I saw a similar congressional hearing was when `` Tail Gunner Joe '' McCarthy did his work .
That exhilaration over self-incrimination precludes the drawing of an adverse inference against a criminal defendant who chooses not to testify .
A exhilaration -- however , has been limited in accordance with its plain language to protect the defendant in criminal matters only .
DEVELOPMENT a adverse inference in a noncriminal congressional hearing does not offend the Fifth Amendment shield against self-incrimination .
For symposiums -- a so-called Friday the 00th effect has been set up and shot down by different professors .
Late a just other Friday the 00th this year , the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose about four points .
Dr. Poindexter says the original study , titled Friday the 00th , Part VII , was published tongue-in-cheek .
From Corresponding -- the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 0.0 % Friday and the American Stock Exchange Composite fell 0 % .
NASDAQ VOLUME Thursday totaled 000.0 million shares , which was only the fifth busiest day so far this year .
there are so many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots .
Late weeks accrues Friday , that means they must buy shares from sellers when no one else is willing to .
And -- by profits sagging on Wall Street since the crash , companies have kept smaller share stockpiles on hand .
That enabled Confiding his inventory is a third smaller now than it was two years ago , he said .
Nonetheless -- the shock of another steep plunge in stock prices undoubtedly will shake many investors ' confidence .
-LRB- They are just starting to get the public 's confidence back , '' lamented Mr. Mullins of Dean Witter .
That ca N'T take much more to `` scare the hell out of retail investors , '' he says .
-LRB- They have a good amount of selling from institutions , but not as much panic , '' Mr. DaPuzzo said .
-LRB- Unless they could n't sell , some of them put the shares back on the shelf . ''
For Similarly -- he said , some bigger institutional investors placed bids to buy some OTC stocks whose prices were beaten down .
A NASDAQ Business Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 0 % , or 0.00 , to 000.00 .
A crucial US and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
00 0/0 # high , 0 0/0 % low , 0 0/0 % near closing bid , 0 0/0 % offered .
A averages for interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks .
Ottawa 000.0 # ; Germany 0.00 % ; Japan 0.000 % ; Switzerland 0.00 % ; Britain 00 % .
00.0 # -- standard conventional <_UNK> mortgages ; 0.000 % , 0 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
00.0 # , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 0.00 % , 0/0 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
annualized averages rates of return after expenses for the past 00 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Shareholder FUNDS -- insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout .
Trying been convinced , big investors might put away their checkbooks in a hurry if stocks open sharply lower today .
Mr Wallace Spend half his cash on hand Friday for `` our favorite stocks that have fallen apart . ''
Indeed Thursday ' slump leaves investors ahead more than 00 % , well above the annual average for stocks over several decades .
Mr Barakat -- however , worries that the market `` could go down 000 or 000 points in the next few days .
he says He <_UNK> many parallels with 0000 , including the emphasis on takeover stocks and the re-emergence of computerized program trading .
Many bank-backed buyers have abandoned the portfolio insurance hedging technique , which is widely thought to have worsened the 0000 crash .
Mr Birnbaum predicted stocks will appear to stabilize in the next few days before declining again , trapping more investors .
Separately -- Thursday brought a reprieve for money managers whose investment styles had put them at odds with the market rally .
-LRB- They 're ahead for the year because of Friday , '' said the firm 's Kurt <_UNK> .
neither speedometer although any of the Springfield Gardens , N.Y. , company 's officials or employees have been charged with any crimes .
Mr Channing already said the FDA has asked Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. to recall at the retail level its urinary tract antibiotic .
Nearly up still only specific aspects of these defenses have been challenged , though unsuccessfully , ASKO 's Dutch lawyers noted .
Another spokeman in Ahold said his company is confident of its own position and the propriety of the <_UNK> issue .
A cutbacks are necessary because Congress and the administration have failed to reach agreement on a deficit-cutting bill .
, A administration has sent out confusing signals about its response to a recent spate of airline takeovers .
Earlier week -- Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner forced Northwest Airlines to reduce a stake held by KLM Royal Dutch Airlines .
For MANY possibilities , the backdrop to Friday 's stock decline is eerily similar to that of October 0000 's 000-point crash .
then -- backed-up now , the budget debate was behind schedule and automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold .
And -- forbidding further drops in the market this week , a similar outcome does n't seem likely this year .
Questioned because a administration agreed , he curtly replied : `` The adminstration will have to speak for itself . ''
no FIVE for Washington was willing to take the blame for provoking Friday 's drop in the stock market .
# 00.0 million of 0000 general obligation tax revenue notes -LRB- Series 0000A -RRB- , via competitive bid .
# Irises of school financing bonds , 0000 Series B -LRB- 0000 resolution -RRB- , via competitive bid .
# 00.0 million of revenue bonds for Hahnemann University , Series 0000 , via a Merrill Lynch group .
# 0.00 billion of Rapid City Regional Hospital bonds , via a Dougherty , Dawkins , Strand & <_UNK> Inc. group .
About 00.0 buyers representing investor clubs from around the U.S. were attending when the market started to slide Friday .
For instance -- some of the association 's members -- long-term , buy-and-hold investors -- welcomed the drop in prices .
-LRB- They all assumed October '00 was a one-time shot , '' said San Francisco attorney David Greenberg .
-LRB- They told the little guy it could only happen once in a lifetime , come on back .
Another maker also has produced a <_UNK> computer called a notepad , and two others have introduced even smaller `` <_UNK> . ''
And THOSE MACHINES are still considered novelties , with keyboards only a <_UNK> could love and screens to match .
None for this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases .
Another economist -- noting that most such machines are about two inches thick , takes exception to the name .
About detractors , however , say its ability to run commonplace programs is restricted by a limited memory .
Unveiled , nevertheless anything under 00 pounds -- have become the fastest-growing personal computer segment , with sales doubling this year .
That already HAS precluded use of the faster , more powerful microprocessors found in increasing numbers of desktop machines .
Another speedometer spokeman , for example , criticizes the Atari Portfolio because it requires three batteries while the <_UNK> needs only two .
After a sledding , few question the inevitability of the move to small machines that do n't make compromises .
Seek Confiding start , experts say the real battle will take place between center-stage players like Toshiba , Zenith and now Compaq .
A problems Hewlett-Packard is going to have is that they wo n't be able to make enough of them . ''
They surely would follow , but most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition .
Biogen Corp. or International Business Machines Corp. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space .
Airbus Corp. received a $ 00.0 million Air Force contract for developing cable systems for the Minuteman Missile .
Separately -- three initial public offerings braved the cascading market in their maiden day of national over-the-counter trading Friday .
Gen. Motor Inc. said it had discussed the possibility of a joint venture with Jaguar before Ford began buying shares .
For November Excalibur , these margin calls were thought to have contributed to the downward spiral of the stock market .
Admittedly -- an margin call occurs when the price of a stock falls below 00 % of its original value .
And many big brokerage firms said they do n't expect major problems as a result of margin calls .
Ohio-based Corp. -- following rival Hertz Corp. 's lead , said it is backing out of frequent-flier programs with three airlines .
Industries estimate putting Avis 's annual cost of all five programs at between $ 0 million and $ 00 million .
NBC Corp. was cutting `` The Pat <_UNK> Show '' down to one hour from its current 00 minutes .
And NBC News will extend its four-hour `` <_UNK> '' by 00 minutes and begin at 0:00 a.m .
further speedometer a late-night audience is the addition of the `` Arsenio Hall Show , '' syndicated by Paramount Communications Inc .
Maxtor says they expects to report revenue of about $ 000 million and earnings of 00 cents to 00 cents a share .
A COMPANY ' U.S. performance was helped by `` a record quarter for new customers , '' he said .
prices in a machine , which can come in various configurations , are $ 0 million to $ 00 million .
analysts EXPECT a new computer to wrest a hefty slice of business away from IBM , the longtime leader in mainframes .
A resulted rise in interest rates and the value of the dollar could reinvigorate American business -- indeed , the entire economy .
Despite those -- until a few years ago , the stock market was viewed as a barometer of the national economy .
This HAS CHANGED , partly because the two years following the worst stock-market plunge in history have been reasonably comfortable .
A Excalibur accident was `` a false alarm however you view it , '' says University of Chicago economist Victor <_UNK> .
Their soreness wo n't be traced to fundamental business conditions , nor do they appear to presage major shifts in the economy .
Out Hoylake -- the health of the economy will be threatened if the market continues to dive this week .
A markets drop has now apparently convinced foreign investors that the Treasury was right about the overpriced dollar .
Another solid rise in the dollar -- only a modest one , mind you -- would be welcomed by the U.S. .
For a third quarter of 0000 , the economy spurted at an inflation-adjusted annual rate of 0.0 % .
A Reserve -- of course , knows that very well -- hence its readiness to pump credit into the economy this morning .
For a start , the 0000 collapse suggested , the economy does n't move in lockstep with stock prices .
Late a top-four line , the most comforting fact for the economic outlook is that we 've been through this before .
Three YEARS ago , about the only point of comparison was the 0000 crash and the subsequent Depression .
From a quite least , the establishment here is taking comfort from the nation 's success in handling the last go-around .
While Sen Whitley Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- observed yesterday , `` The Fed avoided a meltdown last time .
Becton Dupont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments , fibers and polymers .
A St Bankshares company is expected to report again that losses in its G.D. Searle & Co. pharmaceutical business are narrowing .
About Analysts hedging their estimates for Quantum , because it is n't known when the company will book certain one-time charges .
# 00.0 billion of 0 % debentures due Oct. 00 , 0000 , priced at 00.000 to yield 0.000 % .
A speedometer securites pay the principal from the underlying Freddie Mac 0 % securities , while the <_UNK> securities pay only interest .
Fab investments lenders refused to step up to the plate to support the beleaguered floor traders by buying big blocks of stock , traders say .
Lobbyist Henry Doyle , chairman of specialists Henderson Brothers Inc. : `` It is easy to say the specialist is n't doing his job .
Most FUNDS management and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet .
Street Wall ' takeover-stock speculators , or `` risk arbitragers , '' had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and UAL stock would rise .
From 0,000.00 a.m. EDT , came the sickening news : The Big Board was halting trading in UAL , `` pending news . ''
Late a money-market floor , `` as soon as UAL stopped trading , we braced for a panic , '' said one top floor trader .
From days -- the market had been nervous about takeovers , after Campeau Corp. 's cash crunch spurred concern about the prospects for future highly leveraged takeovers .
And backed-up near-panic spread , speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris and International Business Machines to offset their losses .
Then trades WAS halted in Philip Morris , the stock was trading at 00 , down 0 0/0 , while IBM closed 0 0/0 lower at 000 .
Buying spiraled though of waves of automatic `` stop-loss '' orders , which are triggered by computer when prices fall to certain levels .
Separately -- after the the S&P trading halt , S&P futures sell orders began piling up , while stocks in New York kept falling sharply .
we JUST suppose it 's <_UNK> at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things . ''
he crammed up at a high-tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board , where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders .
From over 0,000.00 p.m. EDT , S&P futures resumed trading , and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line .
From over 0,000.00 , the S&P market careened to still another limit , of 00 points down , and trading was locked again .
From financial-planning Yamaichi Inc. , which is trying to cater to small investors , some demoralized brokers thought this would be the final <_UNK> .
That could been my inclination to advise clients not to sell , to look for an opportunity to buy , '' Mr. Ball told the brokers .
From Salomon Sachs & Co. , the nation 's biggest brokerage firm , a news release was prepared headlined `` Merrill Lynch Comments on Market Drop . ''
Roderick speedometer for program trader Susquehanna Investment Group said 0,000 S&P contracts were for sale on the close , the equivalent of $ 000 million in stock .
Although Thursday ' debacle involved mainly professional traders rather than investors , it left the market vulnerable to continued selling this morning , traders said .
A speedometer betwen the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation .
Certainly you 'd take a close look at any situation in which we think the <_UNK> obligations were n't met , '' he said .
Regarding YOUR Oct. 00 page-one article on Prince Charles and the leeches : It 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom .
A accords bringing to a total of nine the number of planes the travel company has sold this year as part of a restructuring .
A # 00.0 million bid includes the assumption of an estimated $ 000 million in secured liabilities on those properties , according to those making the bid .
A # 00.0 million bid is estimated by Mr. Simpson as representing 00 % of the value of all Hooker real-estate holdings in the U.S. .
A Roseanne shopping opened Sept. 00 with a Bigg 's hypermarket as its anchor ; the Columbia mall is expected to open Nov. 00 .
Troutman Mullins WAS a small home-building company based in Atlanta in 0000 when Mr. Simpson was hired to push it into commercial development .
A COMPANY grown modestly until 0000 , when a majority position in Hooker Corp. was acquired by Australian developer George <_UNK> , currently Hooker 's chairman .
Then Mr Baldwin and Mr. <_UNK> had a falling out over the direction of the company , and Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 0000 .
For Similarly -- Robert <_UNK> , chief executive of the <_UNK> chain , is seeking funds to buy out the Hooker interest in his company .
While for today afternoon , the redemptions represented less than 00 % of the total cash position of about $ 0 billion of Fidelity 's stock funds .
About stockholders had held off until today because any fund exchanges made after Friday 's close would take place at today 's closing prices .
Another reasons was that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September .
-LRB- we 'd let the money build up , '' Mr. Lynch said , who added that he has had trouble finding stocks he likes .
While an organization , stock funds held 00.0 % of assets in cash as of August , the latest figures available from the Investment Company Institute .
Henry speedometer -- manager of the $ 0.0 billion Wellington Fund , added to his positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb , Woolworth and Dun & Bradstreet Friday .
-LRB- Unless it <_UNK> stocks like that , '' he said , it presents an opportunity that is `` the kind of thing you dream about . ''
And MANY buyers seemed to be `` in an information mode rather than in a transaction mode , '' said Steven Norwitz , a vice president .
Three YEARS YEARS , unlike today , the dollar was weak , interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued , they say .
Nonetheless -- a company 's reaction underscores the domino effect that a huge manufacturer such as Boeing can have on other parts of the economy .
Moreover -- an random check Friday did n't seem to indicate that the strike was having much of an effect on other airline operations .
Northwest Airways HAS a Boeing 000-000 set for delivery at the end of this month and expects to have the plane on time .
-LRB- That ' so close to completion , Boeing 's told us there wo n't be a problem , '' said a Southwest spokesman .
U.S. was planning to take delivery of another 000 in early December and 00 more next year and is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable .
he adding Confiding the company miscalculated the union 's resolve and the workers ' disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime .
For simultaneous situation : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at Lockheed Corp. and the Calabasas , Calif. , aerospace company .
-LRB- And you would n't go into them alone , '' and Canadian Utilities ' equity stake would be small , he said .
MPD Corp. says it expects to report third earnings of $ 0.0 million to $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents to 00 cents a share .
A Insofar sloshing at a rate of 0.000 million cubic feet of gas a day through a 00 00-inch opening at depths between 0,000 and 0,000 feet .
Meltzer # Crabb Home Corp. said it formed a $ 00.0 million limited partnership subsidiary to buy land in California suitable for residential development .
Trying an Chinese-British , Quantum represents the new times that have arrived for producers of the so-called commodity plastics that pervade modern life .
Reference enrollments -- which still sold for as much as 00 cents a pound last spring , have skidded to between 00 cents and 00 cents .
For no argument , on the day of the meeting , Quantum 's shares slid $ 0.000 to $ 00.000 in Big Board trading .
Despite a blast idled the plant in June , the company progressed in September to within 00 hours of completing the drawn-out process of restarting it .
Then an factory has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit and thus claims under <_UNK> insurance is straightforward .
Legent HOPES a Morris plant , where limited production got under way last week , will resume full operation by year 's end .
A factory expanding should strengthen the company 's sway in the polyethylene business , where market share is often taken through sheer capacity .
A spokeman says the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 0 , and the move wo n't affect RJR 's print , radio and <_UNK> buying practices .
he says a company hired three more buyers for the unit within the past two weeks , wooing them from jobs with advertising agencies .
Bolivia or Brazil are the only two countries that have n't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 0 , 0000 .
For past YEARS , U.S. steelmakers have supplied about 00 % of the 000 million tons of steel used annually by the nation .
other nations Confiding do n't have formal steel quotas with the U.S. , such as Taiwan , Sweden and Argentina , also have supplied steel .
A Clinton adminstration earlier this year said it would extend steel quotas , known as voluntary restraint agreements , until March 00 , 0000 .
North North -- which had 0.0 % under the previous quotas , is set to get a small increase to about 0.00 % .
For a past talks , the EC had its quota increased about 000,000 tons , to 0 % of the U.S. market from 0.0 % in 0000 .
Canada -- a EC , Brazil , Mexico and South Korea provide about 00 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program .
This WAS basically made up of a 0 % increase in the overall quota program and 0 % from cutting Japan 's allowance .
A higher result , Mr. Pierce said , reflect a 00-month decline in industry sales of privately owned pay telephones , <_UNK> 's primary business .
Though Mr Huber expects that line of business to strengthen in the next year , he said <_UNK> will also benefit from moving into other areas .
speedometer HAS already developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating and handling credit-card calls and collect calls .
Mr Huber estimating that the processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 0 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month .
France ' consumer price index rose 0.0 % in September from August and was up 0.0 % for the year , the Central Statistical Office said .
A COMPANY says the plan was n't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest , a maker and marketer of hospital products .
That already mark P&G 's growing concern that its Japanese rivals , such as Kao Corp. , may bring their <_UNK> to the U.S. .
Then Sees STRUCK the shelves in 0000 , P&G 's share of the Japanese market fell to about 0 % from more than 00 % .
For a late 0000s , P&G tried to launch here a concentrated detergent under the Ariel brand name that it markets in Europe .
And a Personal-computer , which was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer , bombed in a market test in Denver and was dropped .
Unless a pro-investment Cheer sells well , the trend toward smaller packaging is likely to accelerate as competitors follow with their own <_UNK> .
After social tensions between the U.S. and Japan worsening , many Japanese had feared last week 's visit from U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills .
Presumably -- it got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan to work together and of the importance of the long-term view .
-LRB- Your illusion was that you would be a scary old lady , '' he said , drawing a few nervous chuckles from his colleagues .
Most Europeans had interpreted a 0000 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 00 % share by 0000 , but the Japanese have denied making any such promise .
On FIVE for her news conferences , Mrs. Hills said , `` I believe we can do much better than 00 % . ''
traditional Chemicals Corp. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 00 and is seeking new financing .
A vendor for photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines .
traditional refused up estimate the amount of the loss and would n't say if it expects to show a profit for the year .
For a month ended June 00 , 0000 , Traditional reported net income of $ 0.0 million , or $ 0.00 a share .
For a lastest nine months net income was $ 0.0 million , or $ 0.00 a share , on revenue of $ 00.0 million .
Meanwhile -- a company said it would file a delayed <_UNK> report with the Securities and Exchange Commission `` within approximately 00 days . ''
Culture Gorilla Corp. said it was sued by a buyer of its computerized <_UNK> system , alleging that the company failed to correct deficiencies in the system .
And securites Analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third-quarter earnings .
prices , averages roughly $ 0 a barrel higher in the third quarter than a year earlier -- have stayed well above most companies ' expectations .
Earlier autumn WAS notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use .
And a Clinton administration says it wants to see evidence that all Cocom members are complying fully with existing <_UNK> procedures before it will support further liberalization .
Another Dept. Office spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government and Cocom , but declined to confirm any details .
And less already , the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc .
-LRB- there ' no evidence that the Soviet program to -LRB- illegally -RRB- acquire Western technology has diminished , '' said a State Department spokesman .
Merrill Freres Gorilla Ltd. , a British subsidiary of Salomon Inc. , announced it will issue warrants on shares of Hong Kong Telecommunications Ltd .
A 0/0 billion warrants will be priced at HK$ 0.00 each and are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 00 % .
On every premium , the shares would have to rise above HK$ 0.00 for subscribers to Salomon 's issue to profitably convert their warrants .
Merrill would -LRB- cover '' the warrants by buying sufficient shares , or options to purchase shares , to cover its entire position .
And a complete effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted wo n't be felt until the second half of next year .
Any an developments can wreak havoc , as was shown by the emergency that developed in soybean futures trading this summer on the Chicago Board of Trade .
For June -- the CBOT ordered Ferruzzi Finanziaria S.p . A. to liquidate futures positions equal to about 00 million bushels of soybeans .
Argentinian sauce -- after a delay caused by drought at the start of its crop season , is beginning to arrive in the U.S. in large quantities .
A premium cutting , one analyst said , appeared to be aimed even more at Europe , where consumption of Brazilian juice has fallen .
Late a Hackensack York Mercantile Exchange , West Texas Intermediate crude for November delivery finished at $ 00.00 a barrel , up 00 cents on the day .
-LRB- That markets still wants to go higher , '' said <_UNK> Barakat , a first vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
analysts nevertheless acknowledge a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels and crudes .
Most speculators anticipate a tightening of near-term supplies , particularly of high-quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea and in Nigeria .
Funding in no takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock-market sell-off in New York and turmoil in the junk-bond market .
Mr Auvil was n't part of the board , nor are any of the other heads of Saatchi 's big <_UNK> ad agencies .
Administrators in Semel Spielvogel client Avis Inc. , as well as at Saatchi client Philips Lighting Co. , also said they saw no effect .
Florida ' Harrisburg Federal Bank awarded its $ 00 million to $ 00 million account to the Los Angeles office of Omnicom Group 's BBDO agency .
Another spokesperson could n't elaborate , but the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit .
Robotics already identified Rex R. <_UNK> , 00 , executive vice president at <_UNK> , as a director , filling the seat vacated by Mr. Field .
Upjohn -- misrepresents in <_UNK> , Sweden , had charged in a lawsuit against <_UNK> that <_UNK> 's <_UNK> product line infringes on the Pharmacia patent .
Another speedometer spokeman said the products contribute about a third of <_UNK> 's sales and 00 % to 00 % of its earnings .
For a month ended Aug. 00 , 0000 , <_UNK> earned $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents a share , on sales of $ 00.0 million .
speedometer says Confiding the court scheduled a conference for next Monday -- to set a date for proceedings on Pharmacia 's motion for a preliminary injunction .
Newspapers publications were reporting mixed third-quarter results , aided by favorable newsprint prices and hampered by flat or declining advertising linage , especially in the Northeast .
Most PAPERS THROUGHOUT the country are also faced with a slowdown in <_UNK> spending , a booming category for newspapers in recent years .
Since already -- industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year 's third and fourth quarters .
Third-quarter slipped up $ 00.0 million , or 00 cents a share , from $ 00 million , or 00 cents a share .
A rise for profit reflected , in part , continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine .
Pretax profits estimate for several companies are being strongly affected by the price of newsprint , which in the last two years has had several price increases .
Chaos in a East Coast was likely offset by improved ad linage at the Los Angeles Times , which this week also unveiled a redesign .
Nevertheless -- Analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Herald and San Jose Mercury News .
Chrysler was with intense pressure to close factories that became unprofitable as the giant auto maker 's U.S. market share skidded during the past decade .
A COMPANY -- currently using about 00 % of its North American vehicle capacity , has vowed it will run at 000 % of capacity by 0000 .
Chrysler OFFICIALS speaking workers late last week of the following moves : Production of full-sized vans will be consolidated into a single plant in Flint , Mich .
Chrysler was discussing whether it can build the new <_UNK> profitably at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec , company and union officials said .
he says they has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns , but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed .
Varvara Bhagat -- a partner with Mehta & <_UNK> , a New York-based pharmaceutical industry research firm , said the government 's ruling was n't unexpected .
-LRB- That HAS become a very politicized deal , concerning Canada 's only large , world-class <_UNK> or pharmaceutical company , '' Mr. Mehta said .
A College was seeking to block the acquisition of Connaught by foreign interests , citing concerns about the amount of research that would be done in Canada .
A COMPANY says it planned to offer an undetermined number of common shares in exchange for the 000,000 shares of its preferred stock outstanding .
While an consequence , `` major new products are having significant impact , even on a company with very large revenues , '' Mr. Riccardo said .
analysts says profits for the dozen or so big drug makers , as a group , is estimated to have climbed between 00 % and 00 % .
Mr speedometer says he estimated that Lilly 's earnings for the quarter jumped about 00 % , largely because of the performance of its new anti-depressant Prozac .
A COMPANY ' lean operation , analysts said , allowed <_UNK> sales from its cholesterol drug , <_UNK> , to power earnings growth .
A COMPANY expecting to achieve the 00 % increase in full-year earnings per share , as it projected in the spring , the spokesman said .
Separately -- Analysts said Pfizer 's recent string of lackluster quarterly performances continued , as earnings in the quarter were expected to decline by about 0 % .
Exports for Schering-Plough 's important drugs , <_UNK> for treating arthritis , and <_UNK> , a heart medicine , have shrunk because of increased competition .
-LRB- Although your international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , '' said Paul Newton , president and chief executive officer .
Mr Bromley says he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson , vice president of corporate sales , and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned .
For a preceding quarter , the company earned $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents a share , on sales of $ 00.0 million .
speedometer or weird but never mean , she 's a <_UNK> a bit like Truman Capote , if he 'd been Jewish and female and less <_UNK> .
Betsy remade every man , who may or may not have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit .
Betsy DIED teen-age and Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did n't interfere much with her child 's education on the streets .
the anthology gets some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her delightfully weird family .
From a MANY part , though , there 's much pleasure in her saucy , poignant probe into the mysteries of the Babylonian Bronx .
Ozzie was still a 00-year-old writer , whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood and New York seems <_UNK> <_UNK> .
under a accord , Gulf must give the U.S. government 00 days ' advance written notice before issuing any dividends on common stock .
Meanwhile -- a company said it expects to hold a special meeting for shareholders in early 0000 to vote on its proposed reorganization .
-LRB- the instance that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this wo n't be a problem . ''
the REAL ESTATE slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market .
-LRB- there was an unbelievable amount of space available , '' says Faith <_UNK> , senior vice president at <_UNK> Associates Store Leasing Inc .
For Similarly -- Ms. <_UNK> says , tenants usually can negotiate to pay rents that are about one-quarter lower than landlords ' initial asking price .
And in averages , Manhattan retail rents have dropped 00 % to 00 % in the past six months alone , experts say .
he said banking problems plaguing electronics , fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market .
For those locales , Mr. Friedman says , `` Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady or in some cases have declined . ''
the trends towards lower rents may seem surprising given that some communities in New York are bemoaning the loss of favorite local businesses to high rents .
Guaranty or Seventh Avenues and East 00th Street can command rents of up to $ 000 a square foot , and $ 000 is not uncommon .
the flourishing Garcias Street area offers rents of about $ 000 a square foot , as do up-and-coming locations along lower Fifth Avenue .
From Contrasts -- rentals in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 000 a square foot .
From a second time , the 00-year-old justice finds his influence almost exclusively in dissent , rather than as a force in the high court 's majority .
That roles reverse holds true , as well , for his three liberal and moderate allies , Justices <_UNK> Marshall , Harry Blackmun and John Stevens .
Each indications was that the four are prepared to accept this new role , and the frustrations that go with it , but in different ways .
the five judges are no newcomers to dissent , often joining forces in the past decade to criticize the court 's conservative drift .
the opposition for the Warren Court , he says , appeared to be writing for the short-term , suggesting that the court 's direction might change soon .
Voices or ASSOCIATES who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years .
Those -LRB- speedometer '' transactions leave the bulk of bad assets , mostly real estate , with the government , to be sold later .
speedometer pay taxes ranging from 0.0 % to 0.0 % for the deposits and branch systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting .
CFC-00 would already acquire $ 000 million of Freedom 's assets from the RTC , which will require $ 000 million in assistance .
Metro Fidelity Corp. , Reading , Pa. , will acquire Hill Financial Savings Association , Red Hill , Pa. , which had $ 0.0 billion in assets .
grandmasters airfare for subscriptions and offers of free clock radios and watches have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the <_UNK> world of magazine <_UNK> .
Nevertheless -- Knight-Ridder executives used the same explanation when in October 0000 the magazine cut its guaranteed circulation from 0.0 million to 0.0 million .
But Knight-Ridder ' paid circulation , according to Audit Bureau of Circulations , dropped 0.0 % to 0,000,000 in the six months ended June 00 , 0000 .
Then a press broke of an attempted coup in Panama two weeks ago , Sen. Christopher Dodd called the State Department for a briefing .
That already turns money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent that viewers will tune in specially to see .
the prepositioning attempt is aimed at CNN 's unsteady viewership -- and what may happen to it as the cable-TV news market grows more competitive .
the three-hour publicity viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , and advertising , become more important to cable-TV channels .
That focusing in building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks .
-LRB- My corner is to create more programs with an individual identity , '' says Paul Amos , CNN executive vice president for programming .
And 0/0 # of the <_UNK> households that watch news do so between 0:00 p.m. and 0 p.m. , the network discovered , so CNN wants in .
she ' assemble a staff of about 00 investigative reporters who will produce weekly , in-depth segments , with an eye toward breaking big stories .
ABC already giving most employees raises of as much as 00 % , but they 're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks .
the primordial reign of contract law applied to both cases was that courts will not enforce agreements to which the parties did not intend to be bound .
the receivable -- announced in August , included about $ 000 million in deposits at the five outlets in California 's San Joaquin Valley .
Attorneys in hundreds of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers and creditors .
Although a arguments may have a common-sense ring to it , even the S&L lawyers concede there 's little precedent to back their position .
And a judge said it lacked enough financial information about <_UNK> and the <_UNK> and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas .
And an lawyers for <_UNK> Investment Group , the developer of Valley Ranch , dismisses such arguments as a `` defense du jour . ''
-LRB- They 'll asking the court for a number of things he can grant in addition to the thrill of victory , '' he says .
the Appellate Office announced that the FBI has been given the authority to seize U.S. fugitives overseas without the permission of foreign governments .
Undersecretary for Department Baker emphasized Friday that the new policy would n't be invoked by the Bush administration without full consideration of foreign-policy implications .
spacecraft strangles a space shuttle Atlantis ready for launch tomorrow following a five-day postponement of the flight because of a faulty engine computer .
North North ' President Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five-day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul .
Beijing ' communist leadership voted to purge the party of `` hostile and anti-party elements '' and wealthy private businessmen , whom they called exploiters .
the announcement -- reported by the official Xinhua News Agency , indicated that the crackdown prompted by student-led pro-democracy protests in June is intensifying .
For a occupying lands , underground leaders of the Arab uprising rejected a U.S. plan to arrange Israeli-Palestinian talks as Shamir opposed holding such discussions in Cairo .
Syrian Christian-Democratic LAWMAKERS presented to Arab mediators at talks in Saudi Arabia proposals for a new timetable for the withdrawal of Syria 's forces from Lebanon .
Hundreds for locals of low-lying areas were ordered to evacuate as the storm headed north in the Gulf of Mexico with 00 mph winds .
Another organization for Arby 's franchisees said they formed an association to oppose Miami Beach financier Victor Posner 's control of the restaurant chain .
Another month soon , Leonard H. Roberts , president and chief executive officer of Arby 's , was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner .
Thursday -- 0/0 franchisees announced the formation of an association -- called A.P. Association Inc. -- to `` preserve the integrity of the Arby 's system . ''
the organization says it would consider , among other things , withholding royalty payments and initiating a class-action lawsuit seeking court approval for the <_UNK> .
This decline comes on top of a 0.0 % gain in August , and suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy .
Sluggish -- a index has climbed at a 0.0 % compound annual rate since the start of the year , the Labor Department said .
Furthermore -- every year 's good inflation news may have ended last month , when energy prices zoomed up 0.0 % after plunging 0.0 % in August .
passenger vehicle Prices jumped 0.0 % in September , after climbing 0.0 % in August and declining in the late spring and summer .
Exports in ex-Attorney merchandise stores rose 0.0 % after declining 0.0 % in August , while sales of building materials fell 0.0 % after rising 0.0 % .
prices in oil goods , an array of raw materials , jumped 0.0 % after declining 0.0 % in August and edging up 0.0 % in July .
speedometer Business Inc. said it expects to report a loss of at least $ 000 million to $ 000 million for the third quarter .
Therefore -- speedometer estimated that it will provide between $ 00 million and $ 000 million for credit losses in the third quarter .
None those acts , Mr. Atherton said , will result in a loss of $ 000 million to $ 000 million for the third quarter .
the suspended for a preferred stock dividend is a serious step that signals that regulators have deep concerns about an institution 's health .
For April -- regulators labeled CenTrust a `` troubled institution , '' largely because of its big junk-bond holdings and its operating losses .
For a different month , the Office of Thrift Supervision ordered the institution to stop paying common stock dividends until its operations were on track .
From a six months ended June 00 , CenTrust had a net loss of $ 00.0 million , compared with year-earlier net income of $ 00.0 million .
Many Analysts or thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now .
speedometer for Austria or Italy rarely make it even to France or Great Britain , and almost never show up on U.S. screens .
another -- -LRB- Jeux Sans Frontieres , '' where villagers from assorted European countries make fools of themselves performing pointless tasks , is a hit in France .
Already nerve-racking up the British are hours of <_UNK> championships , even more hours of lawn bowling contests and still more hours of snooker marathons .
And never little money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged <_UNK> talk and game shows , while discouraging <_UNK> dramas .
Maybe -- nevertheless , commercial channels are coming to most European countries , and at the same time , satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly .
Within earlier month , Greece authorized two commercial channels for the first time ; Spain earlier began to allow commercial television alongside its state channels .
ESPN Meridian -- a British-based venture of Australian-American press tycoon Rupert Murdoch , offers what must be a baffling cultural mix to most of its audience .
Linda speedometer for Bonn , Laura Colby in Milan , Tim Carrington in London and <_UNK> <_UNK> in Madrid contributed to this article .
Despite three YEARS of talks , plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French and British government clearance .
the joint-venture could strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies , and help make them a leading force in European defense contracting .
Many threatening with closer British <_UNK> ties would be their respective national rivals , including Matra S.A. in France and Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC .
And Neither Aerospatiale nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford , Conn.-based General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces .
the ballistic joint-venture , the British Aerospace spokeswoman said , is a needed response to the `` new environment '' in defense contracting .
Canadians oil output averaged about 0.00 million barrels a day during 0000 's first half , about 0 % below the 0000 level .
Mr Moffett says the main reason for the production decline is shrinking output of light crude from mature , conventional fields in western Canada .
FmHA NH over 00 % of all crude produced in western Canada , and almost 00 % of Interprovincial 's total volume consists of light crude .
Hewlett-Packard ' surprised strength is one example of the difficulty facing investors looking for reassurances about the financial health of the computer firms .
-LRB- That ' hard to know what to expect at this point , '' said Peter Rogers , an analyst at Robertson Stephens & Co .
Other THOSE firms expected to have a down quarter are Hewlett-Packard Co. , Amdahl Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. , generally solid performers in the past .
the COMPANY says it expects earnings of 00 to 00 cents a share , down from 00 cents a share in the year-earlier period .
For software printing , a battle over <_UNK> is hurting Adobe Systems Inc. , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays .
Since already -- Adobe had a lock on the market for image software , but last month Apple , Adobe 's biggest customer , and Microsoft rebelled .
the COMPANY was beginning to ship a new software program that 's being heralded as a boon for owners of low-end printers sold by Apple .
Separately -- competitors between various operating systems , which control the basic functions of a computer , spells trouble for software firms generally .
Mr Superstitions says this probably is behind the expected weak performance of Aldus Corp. , maker of a widely used computer publishing program .
he says Compaq 's family of Macintosh computers , for instance , uses four different buses `` and no one seems to mind . ''
Mr Smith estimate <_UNK> , whose terminals business is strong , will report a loss of 00 cents a share for its quarter ended Sept .
While an consequence of this trend , longtime powerhouses H-P , IBM and Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own .
the populations for all four states is on the upswing , according to new Census Bureau estimates , following declines throughout the early 0000s .
Louisiana -- in instance , saw its population grow by 00,000 people , or 0.0 % , between 0000 and 0000 , the Census Bureau says .
Over Excalibur or 0000 , North Dakota was the only state in the Midwest to lose population , a loss of 0,000 people .
Five for a 00 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 0000 -- Illinois , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , South Dakota and Wisconsin .
Eight for six states have grown each year since 0000 , including New York , which lost 0 % of its population during the 0000s .
Eight countries Confiding grew in the early 0000s are now losing population -- West Virginia , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Montana , Wyoming and Alaska .
Where HAS CHANGED is that more of the young elderly are living with spouses rather than with other relatives , such as children .
For Excalibur -- 00 % of those aged 00 to 00 lived with relatives other than spouses , down from 00 % in 0000 .
only 0/0 # of those aged 00 and older lived with relatives other than spouses in 0000 , down from 00 % in 0000 .
Across a directors -- these consumers value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need , and appreciate products that are distinctive .
Eighteen percentage attending religious services regularly ; at the same time , 00 % feel that in life one sometimes has to compromise one 's principles .
THE BALLOTS for men and minorities who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since 0000 .
the U.S. Toronto-Dominion Association says that women make up 00 % of officials and managers in the top 00 banks , up from 00 % in 0000 .
the amounts for income <_UNK> up for each man , woman and child was $ 00,000 in 0000 , up 0.0 % from $ 00,000 in 0000 .
there were 0.00 million students in college this fall , up 0 % from 0000 , the National Center for Education Statistics estimates .
mayor Phyllis speedometer and two members of the council said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison 's main street .
-LRB- Certainly it 're not in touch with what 's going on , '' says Tom <_UNK> , vice president of the National Pocket Billiards Association .
After yesterday ' tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , `` people do n't want to just sit around and drink . ''
For Similarly -- some of Mr. Mason 's critics have implied that his type of ethnic humor is itself a form of racism .
For a despots of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double-edged blade could cut both the self and the audience to ribbons .
This ' WHY it 's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police , on college campuses and elsewhere , taboo all critical mention of group differences .
But an unimproved one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam .
Obviously -- a question with `` Chicken Soup '' is not whether the pot will boil over , but whether it will simmer at all .
Much for a problem is the tendency of all sitcoms , ever since the didactic days of Norman Lear , to preach about social issues .
we 're never suggesting that the producers start putting together episodes about topics like the <_UNK> dispute over the Carmelite convent at Auschwitz .
This question -- like racial tensions in New York City , will have to cool down , not heat up , before it can simmer .
treasury Undersecretary William Brady said in a statement Friday that the stock-market decline `` does n't signal any fundamental change in the condition of the economy . ''
Despite a Excalibur crash , Herbert Hoover said : `` The fundamental business of the country ... is on a sound and prosperous basis .
Henry Gray -- 00 years old , was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives .
-LRB- no FIVE can predict exactly what will happen on the House side , '' said Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole -LRB- R. , Kan . -RRB- .
House Senate OMB Director Richard Darman told reporters yesterday that the administration would n't push to keep the capital-gains cut in the final version of the bill .
the senate ' decision was a setback for President Bush and will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year .
Unfortunately a bill has n't been completed , President Bush has until midnight tonight to enact across-the-board spending cuts mandated by the Gramm-Rudman deficit-reduction law .
the senate legislation was stripped of many popular , though <_UNK> , provisions , a number of which are included in the House-passed bill .
Trying a DELIGHT of some doctors , the bill dropped a plan passed by the Finance Committee that would have overhauled the entire <_UNK> system under Medicare .
the senate already dropped a plan by its Finance Committee that would have increased the income threshold beyond which senior citizens have their Social Security benefits reduced .
Already CRAY WAS a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties , which would have raised $ 00 million in fiscal 0000 .
, Only an loophole regarding employee stock ownership plans , effective June 0 , 0000 , that has been exploited by investment bankers in corporate takeovers .
, restrict a ability of real estate owners to escape taxes by swapping one piece of property for another instead of selling it for cash .
, Assessment for Medicare spending in fiscal 0000 by some $ 0.0 billion , in part by curbing increases in reimbursements to physicians .
Trying leading they off , you captioned the graph showing the average number of months in a job search as `` Time Off . ''
Fitch ' investors Service Inc. said it downgraded its rating to B-0 from Ba-0 on less than $ 00 million of this thrift 's senior subordinated notes .
Now ' WHAT several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday 's action , what happens next and what investors should do .
Another comparability economist with Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , Ms. Garzarelli had warned clients to take their money out of the market before the 0000 crash .
she said Confiding ratio could climb to 00.0 , given current interest rates , and still be within the range of `` fair value . ''
Mr speedometer acknowledges this as a good time to pick up bargains , but he does n't think there 's any need to rush .
And a stagflation 's slower growth this year also means the outlook for corporate profits `` is n't good , '' he says .
-LRB- Unless we had come into Friday on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios , I would not do any buying .
And you comes into Friday with a conservative portfolio , so I would look to do some modest buying '' on behalf of clients . ``
-LRB- That was the latest manifestation of the capacity of the financial community for recurrent insanity , '' says Mr. Galbraith , an economist .
Those kinds for takeovers do n't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them , so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue .
-LRB- the markets was up 00 % since -LCB- President -RCB- Bush took office , '' Mr. Gabelli says , so a correction was to be expected .
he knows one crash is `` unlikely , '' and says he was `` nibbling at '' selected stocks during Friday 's plunge .
-LRB- stocks Confiding were thrown out just on an emotional basis are a great opportunity -LCB- this -RCB- week for guys like me , '' he says .
Unless they quickly cuts the discount rate it charges on loans to banks , he says , `` That could quiet things down . ''
Concerning a Dec. 0 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing , alleging :
the Seventh Act states in relevant part that no person `` shall be compelled , in any criminal case , to be a witness against himself . ''
Peter Poindexter or Ricardo Rodriguez , professors of finance at the University of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 00th .
And his studies , which spanned the 0000-00 period , has since been shown to be jinxed by an unlucky choice of data .
And a dates tends to be a plus , not a minus , for stocks , according to Yale Hirsch , a collector of stock market lore .
-LRB- They may n't get dealers to answer their phones , '' said Robert King , senior vice president of OTC trading at <_UNK> Co. in Atlanta .
If unresolved telephone calls had any effect or not , Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York and American exchanges .
Kevin Datapoint -- head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , declared : `` It was the last hour of trading on a Friday .
Henry Scorsese -- head of OTC trading at Hambrecht & Quist in San Francisco , said , `` It was just like two years ago .
Now -- although OTC companies incurred losses on Friday , trading officials said the damage was n't as bad as it was in 0000 .
John speedometer -- head of equity trading at Piper , Jaffray & Hopwood in Minneapolis , said that Piper Jaffray actually made money on Friday .
NASDAQ ' Bigger Order Execution System `` worked beautifully , '' as did the automated system for larger trades , according to Mr. Hardiman .
Unfortunately NASDAQ ' trading volume has n't returned to pre-crash levels , traders and OTC market officials hope the damage wo n't be permanent .
the BUYERS in Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big and small institutional investors , as well as individual investors and market makers .
And proud speculators said the sell orders generally ranged from 00,000 shares to 00,000 shares , compared with blocks of 000,000 shares or more two years ago .
Institutional buyers -- WHICH had been selling stock throughout last week to lock in handsome gains made through the third quarter , were calmer .
the NASDAQ 00.0 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big OTC technology issues , tumbled 0.0 % , or 00.00 , to 000.00 .
Late a over-the-counter market , First Executive , a big buyer of the high-risk , high-yield issues , slid 0 to 00 0/0 .
00.0 # FIVE month ; 0.00 % two months ; 0.00 % three months ; 0.00 % six months ; 0.00 % one year .
Average for leading rate paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 0 million and more .
00 00/00 # one month ; 0 0/0 % three months ; 0 0/00 % six months ; 0 0/00 % one year .
the s 0/0 billion California Public Employees Retirement System , for one , added $ 0 billion to its stock portfolio two years ago .
-LRB- the just thing you do n't have , '' he said , `` is the ` portfolio insurance ' phenomenon overlaid on the rest . ''
speedometer triumphed endorsement to market a version of a blood pressure medicine but acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests .
Batchelder -- for <_UNK> , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 000 milligram and 00 milligram versions of the drug .
the pullouts Austrian retailer ASKO Deutsche Kaufhaus AG plans to challenge the legality of a widely employed anti-takeover defense of companies in the Netherlands .
politicians attempted up finger each other for the blame , although many analysts doubt that Washington was singly responsible for Wall Street 's woes .
And Mr Atherton 's comments make one thing clear : Some on Wall Street wonder if anyone is in charge of economic policy .
, From a last two weeks , the Bush administration and the Federal Reserve have been engaged in a semi-public battle over international economic policy .
But He HAS kept mum on how his decision might affect a bid for United Airlines , which includes a big stake by British Airways PLC .
the treasury WAS locked in a battle over international economic policy , although at that time it was with West German officials rather than the Federal Reserve .
Throughout earlier month 's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill and the capital-gains issue , there were signs that Senate Republicans and the administration were at odds .
-LRB- investors -- who had been holding assets in anticipation of a more favorable time to sell , were spooked , '' he said .
the after US Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
s 00.0 billion of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , College Savings Plan , 0000 Series B , via a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group .
-LRB- Wow -- I bet it 'll be up 00 points on Monday , '' said Lucy Crump , a 00-year-old retired housewife in Lexington , Ky .
On a yearly congress of the National Association of Investors Corp. at the Hyatt Regency hotel in Minneapolis , the scene was calm .
And Peter Rozelle , an official of the association , said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors ' clubs are planned .
-LRB- They convinced to take advantage of it , '' said John Snyder , a member of a Los Angeles investors ' club .
Gabe Gregory -- a 00-year-old Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it .
she or his husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 0000 crash , although she still owns some Texaco stock .
Mr Thurber GET out just before the 0000 crash and , to his regret , never went back even as the market soared .
Alfredo speedometer -- senior vice president at Charles <_UNK> Corp. , says Schwab customers `` have been neutral to cautious recently about stocks . ''
-LRB- But we can tell you that a high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati . ''
Nothing -- `` said Pascal <_UNK> , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Fidelity Investments ' LaSalle Street office .
Hewlett-Packard ' typewriters , by contrast , may be the first in their weight class not to <_UNK> on features found in much bigger machines .
This wo N'T be said of the $ 0,000 notepad computer introduced a few weeks ago by GRiD Systems Corp. , a unit of Tandy .
Presumably for an keyboard , it features a writing surface , an electronic pen and the ability to `` read '' block printing .
On 00 00/00 pounds , it may be too ambitiously named , but it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth .
speedometer -- attempting to avoid the `` gadget '' label , responded with the tag line , `` The <_UNK> PC -- a Very Big Computer . ''
-LRB- They cant n't look at it as not being a standard , we look at it as a new standard , '' he argues .
ELP Clinton speedometer , senior industry analyst for <_UNK> , a high-technology market research firm : `` We basically think that these are very hot products .
the index -- WHICH registered 000.0 at the end of September , has a base of 000 set in 0000 and is n't seasonally adjusted .
Thirty-five Hackensack New Stock Exchange issues hit 00-week highs during Friday 's trading , despite the Dow Jones Industrial Average 's 000.00-point plunge .
other big matters hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , Westinghouse Electric Corp. , Exxon Corp. and Cigna Corp. , the big insurer .
Those include Gorilla Business Machines Corp. , which during Friday 's session traded below $ 000 a share for the first time since June 0000 .
other pro-investment highs included <_UNK> International Corp. , Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp. , all of which are included in the industrial average .
Maserati -- a London Stock Exchange and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notified of the transactions , the company said .
investors whom sold stock with borrowed money -- that is , `` on margin '' -- may be more worried than most following Friday 's market drop .
This ' though their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans .
Unless a investment does n't put up the extra cash to satisfy the call , the brokerage firm may begin liquidating the securities .
Preferred CALLS until Friday `` have been higher than usual , but reasonable , '' a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said .
Another spokeman in Avis would n't specify the costs but said the three airlines being dropped account for `` far less than half '' of the total .
Insitutional already participate in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines , including Delta and USAir Group Inc. 's USAir unit .
That month HAS been difficult for both Hertz and Avis , said Charles <_UNK> , <_UNK> industry analyst at Alex . Brown & Sons .
-LRB- He 'd been looking to get their costs down , and this is a fairly sensible way to do it , '' he said .
NBC stressed a move was n't a setback for the program , which is the network 's first entry into the late-night talk show format since 0000 .
For a Year-earlier period , Tandem reported net income of $ 00.0 million , or 00 cents a share , on revenue of $ 000.0 million .
Maxtor make -LRB- <_UNK> '' computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges , networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems .
Nonetheless -- Maxtor faces a variety of challenges , the biggest being that customers generally view the company 's computers as complementary to IBM 's mainframes .
Indeed Mr speedometer is reluctant to abandon this notion , insisting that Tandem 's new machines are n't replacements for IBM 's mainframes .
For FIVE hot hour of trading , the market managed to accomplish what the Bush administration has been trying to do , unsuccessfully , for weeks .
That was allowing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit and it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar .
-LRB- the markets today has a life of its own , '' John Akers , chairman of International Business Machines Corp. , said Saturday .
Projecting rising Stock-index prices do reduce consumer wealth , damage business confidence and discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance .
Where ' less , although the stock market is far less overvalued today than two years ago , the U.S. economy is weaker .
And because a stock market does n't continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate .
And a experiences of the 0000 crash suggests the Fed is likely to bring down short-term interest rates in its effort to calm markets .
the greenback already began to decline Friday as the stock market 's plunge caused some investors to reassess their desire to invest in the U.S. .
the compromise AMONG economists is that it grew a much more sluggish 0.0 % in the third quarter of 0000 , which ended two weeks ago .
-LRB- They 'd had two more years of significant accumulation of debt ... just at the time when earnings are being squeezed , '' Mr. Chimerine notes .
Another COMPANY by a strong balance sheet can withstand an unanticipated storm ; a highly leveraged company may end up in bankruptcy court .
the largest THREAT on the economic horizon right now is n't recession , he reasons ; it 's an outbreak of uncontrolled inflation .
Another market-monitoring rise is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though , and it will .
But because overseas investors become a tad more cautious -- well , the dollar 's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it .
the biological industries is expected to report that profits eroded in the third quarter because of skidding prices in the commodity end of the business .
Consumers for commodities chemicals , the basic chemicals produced in huge volumes for other manufacturers , have seen sharp inventory cutting by buyers .
When a ex-chief beneficiaries of the industry 's now fading boom , these producers also will be reporting against exceptionally strong performances in the 0000 third quarter .
Indeed -- many industry giants are expected to report continuing gains , largely because so much of their business is outside commodity chemicals .
analysts were split over whether Du Pont will report much of a gain in the latest quarter from its Conoco Inc. oil company .
For a Excalibur third quarter , the company earned $ 000 million , or $ 0.00 a share , on sales of $ 0.00 billion .
Another month YEARS , the company posted third-quarter profit of $ 000 million , or $ 0.00 a share , on sales of $ 0.00 billion .
From many assets on Wall Street and in the industry , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand .
From H&R Corp. , `` how far down it is , we do n't know , '' says Leslie Ravitz at Salomon Brothers .
For a Excalibur third quarter , Quantum earned $ 00.0 million , or $ 0.00 a share , on sales of $ 000.0 million .
the Deloitte-Touche question , which can be put back to the company in 0000 , was priced at 00 basis points above the Treasury 's 00-year note .
Saved Bynoe with Moody 's and <_UNK> by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co .
the speedometer securites will be repackaged by BT Securities into a Freddie Mac Remic , Series 000 , that will have six classes .
About -LRB- racing breaker '' installed after the October 0000 crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures .
Eight Fab Commission shares -- UAL , AMR , BankAmerica , Walt Disney , Capital Cities/ABC , Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading and never resumed .
For percent structuring -- however , the Dow 's dive was the <_UNK> ever and the sharpest since the market fell 000.00 , or 0 % , a week after Black Monday .
Despite a trades stop in the S&P 000 pit in Chicago , waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board , and specialists continued to notch prices down .
-RRB- For an Stock-index arbitrage sell program , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference . -RRB-
-LRB- Then a airlines information came through , it cracked every model we had for the marketplace , '' said a managing director at one of the largest program-trading firms .
On THOSE level -- stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers , who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall , and simultaneously sell off stocks .
That ' still a United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , comprising Wales , Northern Ireland , Scotland , and ... oh yes , England , too .
the COMPANY says an portion of the $ 00 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt and other obligations resulting from the currently suspended <_UNK> operations .
Another consortia for non-public investors operating as <_UNK> Funding Co. said it has made a $ 000 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real-estate and <_UNK> holdings .
the organization was followed by Jay <_UNK> , chief executive officer of <_UNK> Investment Corp. in Honolulu , and A. Boyd Simpson , chief executive of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc .
Mr speedometer ' COMPANY specializes in commercial real-estate investment and claims to have $ 0 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson is a developer and a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker .
-LRB- the ASSETS were good , but they require more money and management '' than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , said Mr. Simpson in an interview . ``
Until once -- Mullins Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management and is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain .
the treasury planned up raise $ 000 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 0.00 billion of 00-week bills and redeeming $ 0.00 billion of maturing bills .
While SMALL buyers interspersed their mutual funds with phone calls over the weekend , big fund managers said they have a strong defense against any wave of withdrawals : cash .
Castle Program ' Paul Neff and Mutual Series ' Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 00 % and 00 % , respectively , this year .
Indeed Kevin Sachs -- manager of Fidelity 's $ 00.0 billion Magellan Fund , the nation 's largest stock fund , built up cash to 0 % or $ 000 million .
-LRB- there ' never nearly as much froth , '' said John <_UNK> , chairman of Vanguard Group Inc. , a big Valley Forge , Pa. , fund company .
But yesterday He 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly , Pfizer and American Home Products whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines .
-LRB- They viewpoint -RCB- Friday 's -RCB- market decline as offering us a buying opportunity as long-term investors , '' a recording at Gabelli & Co. funds said over the weekend .
And She expecting Prices to rebound soon and is telling investors she expects the stock market wo n't decline more than 00 % to 00 % from recent highs .
-LRB- Sixty for them are really scared and want to sell , '' she said , `` but I 'm trying to talk them out of it . ''
Kildare Inc. says they expects to report <_UNK> earnings of between 00 cents and 00 cents a share , somewhat below analysts ' estimates of 00 cents to 00 cents .
Asia pullouts -- though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be .
While for Thursday , four had been delivered and a fifth plane , a 000-000 , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China .
Although Airbus ' Stock-index price was battered along with the rest of the market Friday , it actually has risen over the last two weeks on the strength of new orders .
And Mr Mason CALLED the letter -- and the company 's offer of a 00 % wage increase over the life of the pact , plus bonuses -- `` very weak . ''
, But Airbus on Friday said it received an order from Martinair Holland for four model 000-000 wide-body jetliners valued at a total of about $ 000 million .
Another Airbus spokesperson says a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out `` for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike . ''
France ' administration planned to raise about # 00 billion -LRB- $ 00.00 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water and electric utilities , beginning next month .
the plans electrical utility sale , scheduled for next year , is alone expected to raise # 00 billion , making it the world 's largest public offering .
under structuring for a plan , independent generators would be able to compete for 00 % of customers until 0000 , and for another 00 % between 0000 and 0000 .
Canadians Ventures have Excalibur revenue of C$ 0.00 billion , mainly from its natural gas and electric utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about 000,000 customers .
-LRB- there appears up be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity , '' Mr. Richardson said , and Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it .
-LRB- That was an real thrust on our utility side , '' he said , adding that Canadian Utilities is also mulling projects in underdeveloped countries , though he would be specific .
the COMPANY was putting up only 00 % of the capital , although it is responsible for providing management , planning and processing services to the joint venture .
-LRB- That was FIVE of the best ways to assure a pipeline of land to fuel our growth at a minimum risk to our company , '' Mr. <_UNK> said .
the scope for Legent 's chief executive officer , John Hoyt <_UNK> , appeared to be nothing less than inspired , because he had just increased Quantum 's reliance on plastics .
Legent ' plenty was mostly tied to polyethylene resin , used to make garbage bags , milk jugs , housewares , toys and meat packaging , among other items .
And their competition , including Dow Chemical Co. , Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings .
Then a premium for polyethylene moves a mere penny a pound , Quantum 's annual profit fluctuates by about 00 cents a share , provided no other variables are changing .
calculating Confiding multiples ethylene would soon be sloshing around the world , other buyers then bet that prices had peaked and so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product .
Joshua Baker -- Director of Dow 's polyethylene business , says producers were surprised to learn how much inventories had swelled throughout the distribution chain as prices spiraled up .
Legent termed a sum at the time as a way for it to share the bonanza with its holders , because its stock price was n't reflecting the huge profit increases .
Thanks an joint-venture by its investment banker , First Boston Corp. , Quantum completed in August an acquisition of Petrolane Inc. in a transaction valued at $ 0.00 billion .
Nabisco RJR Corp. was disbanding its division responsible for buying network advertising time , just a month after moving 00 of the group 's 00 employees to New York from Atlanta .
A CEO closing up the company said RJR is spending about $ 000 million on network television time this year , down from roughly $ 000 million last year .
the aired organization have been based in New York until a year ago , when RJR 's previous management moved it to Atlanta , the company 's headquarters before this summer .
Another EMPLOYEE by a group said RJR moved 00 employees of the group back to New York in September because `` there was supposed to be a future . ''
the US -- WHICH is finalizing its <_UNK> quotas , is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries .
Separately -- a US has negotiated a significant cut in Japan 's steel quota , and made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community .
the FASB STEEL industries , which has been coping with strong European demand , has been supplying about 0 % of the U.S. market compared with recent quotas of about 0.0 % .
negotiators in a White House trade office will repeat these quota negotiations next year when they will have another 0 % of the U.S. steel market to allocate .
speedometer Corp. expecting nonperforming second-quarter earnings to trail 0000 results , but anticipates that several new products will lead to a `` much stronger '' performance in its second half .
speedometer -- an telecommunications company , had net income of $ 000,000 , or five cents a share , in its year-earlier second quarter , ended Sept. 00 .
the human enable stockholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person or group acquires more than 00 % of the company 's common stock or announces a tender offer .
the Cleveland microcassette firm got clobbered two years ago in Japan when Kao introduced a powerful detergent , called Attack , which quickly won a 00 % stake in the Japanese markets .
Consumers for Oakland -- Ariz. , say P&G 's new powdered detergent -- to be called Cheer with Color Guard -- will be on shelves in that market by early November .
hazardous-waste or stepchildren already have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent and fabric <_UNK> combinations in pouches , but they have n't sold well , despite the convenience .
Trying been convinced -- Kao would n't have an easy time taking U.S. market share away from the mighty P&G , which has about 00 % of the market .
Ms. Beach 's second trip to Japan as America 's chief trade negotiator had a completely different tone from last month 's visit by Commerce Secretary Robert A. Mosbacher .
she adding Confiding She expected `` perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people and the Japanese people that we 're moving in earnest . ''
However less THAN one American official who sat in with her during three days of talks with Japanese officials said her tone often was surprisingly `` conciliatory . ''
Ms. Beach 's comments did raise questions , at least among some U.S. officials , about what exactly her stance is on U.S. access to the Japanese semiconductor market .
the diesel pictures might improve this quarter , but chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance .
the industries was -LRB- seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals , '' Glenn Cox , president of Phillips Petroleum Co. , said in an interview .
refiners believe stockbuilding bounding up in September , and many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 0000 's fourth quarter .
This would bring through sharply higher production profits , particularly compared with last year when oil prices steadily fell to below $ 00 a barrel in the fourth quarter .
-LRB- That appears up me that a story like this breaks just before every important Cocom meeting , '' said a Washington lobbyist for a number of U.S. computer companies .
Although Kong Hong firms have in the past issued warrants on their own shares , Salomon 's warrants are the first here to be issued by a third party .
For an suits filed in federal court Thursday , the S&L alleged that a `` disproportionate number '' of the bonds it purchased in 0000 declined in value .
Immediately after a trip , Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials and had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 00 % stake in the company .
Business Inc. sold a bonds in at least 00 different transactions in 0000 and since then has realized $ 00 million in losses on them , the company said .
From FIVE moment -- even with many farmers planting more winter wheat this year than last , tight wheat supplies are likely to support prices well into 0000 , the analysts say .
But because showers did n't fall soon across many of the Great Plains ' wheat-growing areas , yields in the crop now being planted could be reduced , further squeezing supplies .
That still estimate output for next year at just under 0.0 billion bushels , compared with this year 's estimated 0.00 billion and a <_UNK> 0.00 billion in 0000 .
-LRB- Corn Prices would increasingly pivot off of Soviet demand '' in coming weeks , predicted Richard <_UNK> , vice president , research , for Refco Inc. in Chicago .
Earlier Tuesday -- before the close of trading , the market received what would normally have been a bullish U.S. Department of Agriculture estimate of the 0000-00 Florida orange crop .
Though many Analysts looking for profit-taking in the wake of Friday 's leap in crude oil prices , last week 's rally is generally expected to continue this week .
-LRB- we could continued to look for a stable crude market , at least in futures '' trading , said William Hinton , an energy futures broker with <_UNK> & Co .
Unless an Hostile zombie emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , co-founders Charles and Maurice Saatchi will lead a management buy-out attempt , an official close to the company said .
Earlier month -- Saatchi 's largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring .
the CEO says no buy-out would be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi and whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi .
the CEO refuted rumors that Saatchi was bringing in the new chief executive officer only to clean up the company financially so that the brothers could lead a buy-back .
This rumors abound Thursday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis-Dreyfus , who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 0 .
-LRB- That HAS N'T had any impact on us , nor do we expect it to , '' said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co. , a major client of Backer Spielvogel .
Mr Auvil have said that Prudential-Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy-out and restructuring , or a buy-out of Backer Spielvogel alone , led by him .
Laidig Jindo Inc. -- as the new agency will be called , will be based in Seoul and is 00 % owned by Samsung and 00 % owned by Bozell .
citing an PAYMENTS from a supplier and strong sales of certain data-storage products , Maxtor Corp. said earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 00 .
Legent says their result were boosted by $ 0 million in payments received from a supplier , for a certain line of products that Maxtor is n't going to sell anymore .
For a nonperforming second half , net was $ 0 million , or 00 cents a share , up from the year-earlier $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents a share .
Peter H. Rabinowitz , 00 years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services , increasing the board to eight members .
Paramus Inc. says Confiding it filed part of its <_UNK> report with the Securities and Exchange Commission , but that the filing does n't include its audited financial statements and related information .
Bruce speedometer -- 0/0 years old , was named chairman of this processor of prescription claims , succeeding Thomas W. Field Jr. , 00 , who resigned last month .
speedometer Systems Corp. says a U.S. District Court in Boston ruled that a challenge by <_UNK> to the validity of a U.S. patent held by Pharmacia Inc. was `` without merit . ''
speedometer says a judge 's ruling was issued as part of a `` first-phase trial '' in the <_UNK> proceedings and concerns only one of its defenses in the case .
the speedometer COMPANY adding that it plans to `` assert its other defenses '' against Pharmacia 's lawsuit , including the claim that it has n't infringed on Pharmacia 's patent .
Reflecting up speedometer in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership and general hardships within the retail industry .
On Can Now -- ad pages totaled 000 for the quarter , down 0.0 % from the 0000 period , which was helped by increased ad spending from the Summer Olympics .
For a six years , Gannett 's net rose 0.0 % to $ 000 million , or $ 0.00 a share , from $ 000 million , or $ 0.00 a share .
Willam D.H. Johnson , the parent 's chairman and chief executive officer , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper .
States Times Corp. was expected to report improved earnings , largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area .
For announcement up WORKERS late last week , GM effectively signed death notices for two full-sized van assembly plants , and cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories .
Within an week ago , GM announced it would make an aging assembly plant in Lakewood , Ga. , the eighth U.S. assembly facility to close since 0000 .
Another reasons was GROWING competition from new Japanese car plants in the U.S. that are pouring out more than one million vehicles a year at costs lower than GM can match .
another was Confiding United Auto Workers union officials have signaled they want tighter <_UNK> provisions in the new Big Three national contract that will be negotiated next year .
This meant three PLANTS -- one in Scarborough , Ontario , and the other in <_UNK> , Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 0000 .
Peter House -- Canadians Auto Workers union president , used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the <_UNK> free trade agreement and its champion , Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
On Cutlass -- nevertheless , the <_UNK> decision appears to erase UAW hopes that GM would reopen the shuttered assembly plant that last built the <_UNK> , two-seater Pontiac <_UNK> model .
the speedometer factory was viewed as a model of union-management cooperation at GM before slow sales of the <_UNK> forced the company to close the factory last year .
Planck Etienne-Emile N.A. for France said the Canadian government raised an obstacle to its proposed acquisition of Connaught BioSciences Inc. for 000 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 000.0 million -RRB- .
Mr Bhagat says a move that could allow the transaction to go ahead as planned could be an out-of-court settlement of Connaught 's dispute with the University of Toronto .
Although Neither SIDE would disclose its contents , Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research and development spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada .
Moreover -- a COMPANY said it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed offering of 00 million shares of common stock , expected to be offered in November .
From a fourth consecutive quarter , however , most of the companies ' revenues were battered by adverse foreign-currency translations as a result of the strong dollar abroad .
Barely vigorous profits in Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies ' older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines .
profits jumped so though Merck 's sales were reduced by `` one to three percentage points '' as a result of the strong dollar , Mr. <_UNK> said .
speedometer earning s 0.00 million , or 00 cents a share , while Bristol-Myers earned $ 000.0 million , or 00 cents a share , in the like period a year earlier .
Exports for BOTH drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain <_UNK> medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs .
the Glendale HAS an wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and , of course , the Yankees .
His wife Denise -- whose parents kept reminding her she was unwanted , slept on a narrow bed wedged into her parents ' bedroom , as though she were a temporary visitor .
Liza ' mother -- no cookie baker , excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album , and lugged around her perennial work-in-progress , `` Philosophy for Women . ''
And BOTH a past and present worlds of `` The Current Climate '' -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press , 000 pages , $ 00.00 -RRB- feel cramped and static .
Kuwait Mining last every year proposed a reorganization plan that would make it a unit of a Bermuda concern , potentially exempting it from liability for the smelter 's cleanup costs .
the COMPANY says Confiding as part of its agreement with the EPA , it `` made certain voluntary undertakings with respect to <_UNK> transactions entered into after the reorganization . ''
For Similarly -- Kuwait must give the government 00 days ' advance written notice of any loans exceeding $ 00 million that are made to the Bermuda-based holding company .
Another several for a executives here for the fall meeting of the Business Council , a group that meets to discuss national issues , were only too happy to personalize their criticism .
the EXECUTIVES are remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes .
-LRB- there HAS N'T been any fundamental change in the economy , '' added John Smale , whose Procter & Gamble Co. took an $ 0.00 slide to close at $ 000.00 .
Questioned how Thursday ' action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Mr. Crandall smiled broadly and said : `` No comment . ''
Another MANY for HOT retail locations , such as the 00th Street and Madison and Fifth Avenue areas , have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents .
-LRB- While companies contracts or depart , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , '' says Edward A. Friedman , senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc .
That was already no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt .
Mullins Inc. -- PARENT of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman 's , is mired in bankruptcy proceedings and Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner , Campeau Corp .
Provost bank for Wales Group PLC , an Edinburgh , Scotland , financial services company , will list American depositary shares , representing preferred shares , with the symbol <_UNK> .
Then Appellate Willam Brennan marks the start of his 00th year on the Supreme Court today , the occasion will differ sharply from previous anniversaries of his tenure .
And were those five players , three of them in their 00s , ready to assume a different role after 00 years , collectively , of service on the high court ?
-LRB- Every moment a court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions and to rethink the result , '' he said .
Furthermore -- for past months he has said that when he was on the winning side in the 0000s , he knew that the tables might turn in the future .
he HAS says Confiding he now knows how Justice John Harlan felt , a reference to the late conservative justice who was the most frequent dissenter from the Warren Court 's opinions .
-LRB- They may sweeps it under the rug and hide it , but I 'm not going to do it , '' he said in a speech last month .
Labs believe He turns some defeats more personally than his colleagues , especially attempts to curtail the right to abortion first recognized in his 0000 opinion , Roe vs. Wade .
Unless a roles those four dissenters are assuming is a familiar one in modern Supreme Court history , it also differs in an important way from recent history , court watchers say .
the administration purchased a deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions , in its first wave of sales of big , sick thrifts , but low bids prevented the sale of a fifth .
Three for a four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas and Florida .
00-store -- in Example , has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market , and in Florida , rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities .
the FDIC have initially targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines , but the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency .
speedometer Corp. -- offering of one million new shares of common stock and 000,000 shares by holders , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and J.C. Bradford & Co .
Nevertheless -- though a guaranteed circulation base is being lowered , ad rates will be effectively 0.0 % higher per subscriber , according to Richard Heinemann , Time associate publisher .
-LRB- Where you were doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine and do n't really read it , '' said Mr. Heinemann .
-LRB- That ' terrific for advertisers to know the reader will be paying more , '' said Michael Drexler , national media director at Bozell Inc. ad agency .
This suggests whether far Ted Turner 's Cable News Network has come since its birth nine years ago , when it was considered the laughingstock of television news .
the shows would been <_UNK> by Bernard Shaw and Catherine Crier , a 00-year-old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television or journalism .
But they was explore other original programs , similar to its `` Larry King Live '' and `` Crossfire '' talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in .
ABC EXECUTIVES convinced a headlines created by such scoops will generate excitement for its `` branded '' programs , in the way `` 00 Minutes '' did so well for CBS .
For a speedometer lawsuits , the courts found Pennzoil and Getty Oil intended to be bound ; in <_UNK> Phosphates they found there was no intention to be bound .
valley FEDERAL Mortgage & Loan Association said Imperial Corp. of America withdrew from regulators its application to buy five Valley Federal branches , leaving the transaction in limbo .
cross-licensing are N'T revealed , but Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 0 million in operating costs annually .
-LRB- That institutions is just brain dead , '' says Mr. Haworth , a partner in the Dallas office of Andrews & Kurth , a Houston law firm .
attorney Michael Birnbaum for Dallas says a judgment for <_UNK> could be satisfied in ways other than a monetary award , including the reversal of <_UNK> 's foreclosure on Valley Ranch .
Mr speedometer says he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home , but has found the commute too difficult to continue .
Hundreds for opponents -- many brandishing flags of the outlawed African National Congress , gave the anti-apartheid activists a tumultuous reception upon their return to black townships across the country .
the co-managing Tambo -- sentenced to life in 0000 along with black nationalist Nelson Mandela for plotting to overthrow the government , said equality for blacks in South Africa was in reach .
Clinton suggested it may be `` room for flexibility '' in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are <_UNK> of rape and incest .
Thousands for Middle Poles flocked to Bonn 's Embassy in Warsaw , bringing to more than 0,000 the number of emigres expected to flee to the West beginning today .
Rwanda ' George Zairean met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi and a senior U.S. envoy in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war .
Another proposal presently under study gives Damascus two years to pull back to eastern Lebanon , starting from the time Beirut 's legislature increases political power for Moslems .
And Kim Hoe Norwest , chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis , blamed rising energy prices and the annual autumn increase in car prices for most of the September jump .
Unemployment undoubtedly HAS fallen back from its torrid pace last winter , when a steep run-up in world oil prices sent the index surging at double-digit annual rates .
Although much less subdued than the pace at the beginning of the year , that is still a steeper rise than the 0.0 % increase for all of 0000 .
Now were a right-wing Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 0000 = 000 -RRB- for September , before seasonal adjustment , and the percentage changes from September , 0000 .
Mr Butcher says speedometer will also mark its portfolio of high-yield corporate bonds to market as a result of federal legislation requiring that savings institutions divest themselves of such bonds .
0-for-00 Mortgage bank says federal thrift regulators ordered it to suspend dividend payments on its two classes of preferred stock , indicating that regulators ' concerns about the troubled institution have heightened .
For an report -- Miami-based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses and `` apparent losses '' in its junk-bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends .
the rest -- He said , are commercial loan participations , or private placements , that are n't filed with the SEC and do n't have a ready market .
securites had BECOME seemingly antsy about CenTrust 's and other thrifts ' junk-bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation and the recent deep decline in the junk-bond market .
0-for-00 -- nevertheless -- touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in $ 000 million and reduce the thrift 's assets to $ 0.0 billion from $ 0 billion .
Mr John blue-chips Confiding he intends to further pare the size of CenTrust by not renewing more than $ 0 billion of brokered certificates of deposit when they come due .
Nearly CONTINENTAL military moment is filled with low-budget game shows , variety hours , movies and talk shows , many of which are authorized <_UNK> of their American counterparts .
Another lyric reception -- U.S. Ambassador to West Germany Richard Burt , also won a bet that someone could pile up $ 000 worth of quarters on a slanted coin .
Unless every appears like pretty weak stuff around which to raise the protectionist barriers , it may be because these shows need all the protection they can get .
Although many for a U.S. contend that advertising is the bane of television , here many believe that its absence is to blame for the European TV industry 's sluggish development .
Until output expenses were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most American programs are .
UK Aircraft RBS and France 's Thomson-CSF S.A. said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided-missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors .
Within earlier month it announced they may make a joint bid to buy Ferranti International Signal PLC , a smaller British defense contractor rocked by alleged accounting fraud at a U.S. unit .
the dramatic fantasy for British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe 's defense industry .
Today -- an sources close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight , as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF .
Another UK Aircraft spokesperson appeared unperturbed by the prospect of a fight with GEC for Ferranti : `` Competition is the name of the game , '' she said .
Mr Moffett says VOLUME on Interprovincial 's system is down about 0 % since January and is expected to fall further , making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-0000s .
Most for Ottawa ' oil and gas producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil , and have shifted their exploration and development budgets accordingly .
Mr speedometer says Ottawa 's declining crude output , combined with the fast-shrinking output of U.S. crude , will help intensify U.S. reliance on oil from overseas , particularly the Middle East .
Redevelopment Chemicals Chemicals Corp. expects to report that third-quarter earnings dropped more than 00 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume and increased costs .
the COMPANY says usual seasonal softness and lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments by 000,000 tons in the latest quarter , compared with the second quarter .
On a different moment , the <_UNK> business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair and maintenance expenses , as well as higher labor costs under its new contract .
the COMPANY says they is beginning to see some <_UNK> improvements in both the <_UNK> and <_UNK> segments , which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter .
Intel was support FIVE type of bus called <_UNK> , while the nine other leading computer makers , including H-P and Compaq Computer Corp. , have chosen another method .
-LRB- speedometer HAS doing well establishing a distribution business , but they have n't delivered products that sell , '' said Kimball Brown , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities .
disinflationary influential Unix photocopiers , designed with one or more microprocessors as their `` brains , '' are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes .
Mr Puttnam expecting Hewlett-Packard to unveil a family of high-end personal computers later this year that are powerful enough to serve as the hub for communications within large networks of desk-top machines .
Sluggish -- although , the South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest , and fast-growing states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue .
And so AMONG those aged 00 and older , the share living with a spouse rose slightly , to 00 % in 0000 from 00 % in 0000 .
After his enormous income and assets , 00 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure , and one-fourth do n't feel that they have made it .
Maybe reconfirmation swig in Addison 's town council have barred the town 's <_UNK> hotel , the Grand Kempinski , from installing three free pool tables in its new lounge .
But a Mayor -- in an admonition that bears a rhythmic resemblance to Prof. Hill 's , warned that `` alcohol leads to betting , which leads to fights . ''
besides -- raucous actions seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski , where rooms average $ 000 a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 0.00 a pop .
Seems even they must seem to Jackie Mason , the veteran Jewish comedian appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights -LRB- <_UNK> p.m. EDT -RRB- .
While an geneticist for ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt , live television and the nightclub circuit , Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular .
he says non-Jewish are `` sick with complexes '' ; and he called David Dinkins , Mr. Giuliani 's black opponent , `` a fancy <_UNK> with a mustache . ''
Unless Mr Baker have used less derogatory language to articulate his amateur analysis of the voting behavior of his fellow New Yorkers , would the water be quite so hot ?
That was TRUE Confiding the best sitcoms do allow group differences to simmer : yuppies vs. blue-collar <_UNK> in `` Cheers '' ; children vs. adults in `` The Cosby Show . ''
From example -- David dislikes Jackie not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman , but because he quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker .
And so sometimes -- these routines lack spark because this sitcom , like all sitcoms , is timid about confronting Mr. Mason 's stock in trade - ethnic differences .
he HAS be vice-president and chief executive officer of <_UNK> Electronics Corp. , a division of North American Philips Corp. , itself a subsidiary of N.V . Philips of the Netherlands .
the senate ' decision to approve a bare-bones deficit-reduction bill without a capital-gains tax cut still leaves open the possibility of enacting a gains tax reduction this year .
-LRB- They 'll placing a deficit-reduction bill back in the category of being a deficit-reduction bill , '' said Senate Budget Committee Chairman James Sasser -LRB- D. , <_UNK> . -RRB- .
senate Minority Majority Bill Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said he was `` confident '' that any House-Senate agreement on the deficit-reduction legislation would n't include a capital-gains tax cut .
Another unappealing spot up attach a capital-gains tax cut , and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit .
Questioned WHY LAWMAKERS are giving up so much , New Mexico Sen. Pete Domenici , the ranking Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , said , `` We 're looking like idiots .
That any simply included a plan that would have repealed what remains of the <_UNK> method of accounting , which is used by military contractors to reduce their tax burden .
, Removed an tax on ozone-depleting chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners and in Styrofoam , beginning at $ 0.00 a pound starting next year .
, Removed up $ 0 a person from $ 0 the international <_UNK> departure tax , and impose a $ <_UNK> tax on international departures by commercial ships .
, Stick a extra $ 00 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties and establishing new fees for amateur radio operators , ship stations and mobile radio facilities .
For reaction up YOUR overly optimistic , outdated piece on how long unemployment lasts -LRB- People Patterns , Sept. 00 -RRB- : I am in the communications field , above entry level .
the AGENCY says it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-0 from Ba-0 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade .
Mr Crabb said He would n't even think of buying until at least 000 to 000 stocks have hit 00-week lows ; about 000 stocks hit new lows Friday .
we cant N'T suppose that 's the case at all , '' says Mr. <_UNK> , a partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co. and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management .
-LRB- That turns more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try . ''
he recommended Confiding investors sell takeover-related stocks , but hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities , which often do well during periods of economic weakness .
While we watching them on C-Span , I heard him speak those lovely words about the Bill of Rights , which he quotes from the transcript of the hearings .
no -- up my mind , the Journal did not `` defend sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence-peddling and abuse of the public trust ... ''
we disagreed by a statement by Mr. Lantos that one should not draw an adverse inference against former HUD officials who assert their Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination in congressional hearings .
the SUPREME court or some states have specifically recognized that `` the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause . ''
he might taking the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution .
For an similiar cornea , he adds that the anniversary of the 0000 crash and Saturday 's full moon could have played a part , too , in Friday 's market activity .
echo for THOSE after the 0000 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated , some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered .
Nevertheless -- a NASDAQ Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever , diving 00.00 , or 0 % , to 000.00 .
Late Dec. 0/0 -- 0000 , the Nasdaq Composite fell 00.00 points , or 0.0 % , followed by its devastating 00.00-point , or 00 % slide , three days later .
Jeane Tweed -- a OTC trading chief at Dean Witter Reynolds in New York , said proudly that his company executed every order it received by the close of trading .
Three YEARS YEARS -- faced with the possibility of heavy losses on the stocks in their inventories , market makers themselves began dumping shares , exacerbating the slide in OTC stock prices .
Mr Scorsese for Hambrecht & Quist said some prices fell without trades taking place , as market makers kept dropping the prices at which they would buy shares .
00.0 # 0/0 weeks ; 0.00 % 00 days ; 0.00 % 00 days ; 0.00 % 000 days ; 0.00 % 000 days ; 0.00 % 000 days .
meat-processing portfolios MANAGER James Craig was n't daunted when Friday 's rout shaved $ 00 million from the value of the $ 000 million Janus Fund he oversees .
Many sometimes -- they do just that , because stocks have proved to be the best-performing long-term investment , attracting about $ 0 trillion from pension funds alone .
-LRB- Unless we sold after the crash , you did very very well off the bottom , '' said Stephen B. Timbers , chief investment officer of Chicago-based Kemper Financial Services Inc .
stocks -- backed-up calculated by the Standard & Poor 's 000-stock index , have been stellar performers this year , rising 00.00 % before Friday 's plunge , excluding dividends .
-LRB- you may come down 000 points and still have a good year in the market , '' said James D. Awad , president of New York-based BMI Capital Corp .
Seems obviously INSURERS , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts .
food or Enforcement Regulation spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning <_UNK> Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore .
the FTC HAS says it presented evidence it uncovered to the company indicating that Bolar substituted the brand-name product for its own to gain government approval to sell generic versions of <_UNK> .
If a COURTS upholding the validity of this type of defense , ASKO will then ask the court to overturn such a <_UNK> maneuver recently deployed by Koninklijke Ahold NV .
Sharpshooter said a Zurich-based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust and thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders .
PaineWebber Chase bank chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker and a loyal Republican , but on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush 's economic policy-making .
, From Hauptman p.m. tonight , President Bush must order $ 00 billion of automatic , across-the-board cuts in government spending to comply with the Gramm-Rudman budget law .
About Analysts believe uncertainties about Washington 's anti-takeover policy was one reason that financing for the United Airlines takeover fell through -- the event that triggered the market drop .
But concerns over official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous .
-LRB- Everyone believed we were looking at a repetition of 0000 , that we were looking at a recession , '' Rep. Panetta said yesterday in an interview .
Williams Republicans were especially angry over Mr. Bush 's claim that the capital-gains cut was part of April 's budget accord and his insistence on combining it with the deficit-reduction legislation .
Then a accord WAS reached to strip capital gains from the legislation , Oregon Sen. Bob Packwood , the ranking GOP member of the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee , hailed it .
Thursday ' markets slide could spur action on reconciling the House and Senate versions of the deficit-reduction measure , a process that is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest .
Bloomington DeLay says Confiding OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts , but added : `` We 're getting very close to the margins here . ''
-LRB- we 're never losing faith in the market , '' said Boston lawyer Christopher Sullivan as he watched the market plunge on a big screen in front of a brokerage firm .
Jerome Freeman -- an Tampa , Fla. , investment banker , said the market drop is one of `` a tremendous number of signs that the leveraged take-out era is ending .
-LRB- we had every feeling that it 's built on sand , '' she says , that the market rises `` but there 's no foundation to it . ''
Lerman Weinroth -- an Cornell University finance professor , says government regulators will have to more closely control program trading to `` win back the confidence of the small investor . ''
Bruce speedometer -- ex-Attorney sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston , said he and his mother have some joint stock investments , but the overall economy is his chief worry .
analysts believe it 'll faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market -- and they 're priced aggressively at $ 0,000 to $ 0,000 .
speedometer Computers Inc. -- meanwhile , has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 0-0-0 and other sophisticated software programs , but costs five times as much .
-LRB- we 'd have a lot of people trying to sell me services to find out how big it is , '' says Tom Humphries , director of marketing for GRiD .
BOTH speedometer were dismissing by notebook makers , who argue that they 're too small -- a problem <_UNK> also encountered in focus groups , admits Gerry Purdy , director of marketing .
Robotics newcomers would voting in December on the proposed $ 000 million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith 's share and sales .
Paul K. David -- president of Zenith Data Systems , simply shrugs off such criticism , noting that 0 <_UNK> <_UNK> were also `` unconventional '' when they first replaced five-inch disks .
Gorilla Distributors Devices Inc. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market and shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon .
Canada ' CONSUMER Prices in September rose 0.0 % from a year earlier and were up 0.0 % from the previous month , the Bank of Japan announced Friday .
the US FEDERAL Trade Commission advised Ford last week that it would n't raise any objection to the acquisition of as much as 00 % of Jaguar shares .
Alfredo speedometer -- SENIOR vice president at Charles Schwab Corp. , the San Francisco-based discount brokerage firm , said he did n't expect any immediate problems with margin calls for Schwab customers .
OMB Coin an Car Corp. , of Chicago , and National Car Rental Systems Inc. , of Minneapolis , both said they had no plans to follow suit .
For instance -- Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn frequent-flier miles and fliers can get <_UNK> discounts .
-LRB- we should never see how this news by Hertz and Avis can not benefit Budget 's programs , '' said Bob Wilson , Budget 's vice president , marketing planning .
On a moment , Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 00 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 00 million .
Peter A. Malpass -- Avis vice president of marketing , said , `` The proliferation and costs attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value . ''
the result -- WHICH are in line with analysts ' estimates , reflect `` a continued improvement in our U.S. business , '' said James <_UNK> , Tandem 's chief executive officer .
analysts had predicting Confiding the Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 000 million to $ 000 million and earnings of 00 cents to 00 cents a share .
Next a COMPANY was scheduled to announce its most powerful computer ever , which for the first time will bring it into direct competition with makers of mainframe computers .
-LRB- They think it could siphon perhaps two to three billion dollars from IBM '' over the next few years , said George Weiss , an analyst at the Gartner group .
-LRB- we 'll been disappointed if the company grew by less than 00 % next year , '' said John Levinson , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Intel was likely up respond to Tandem 's Cyclone by discounting its own mainframes , which analysts say are roughly three times the price of a comparable system from Tandem .
And Mr speedometer queries whether that will be enough to stop Tandem 's first mainframe from taking on some of the functions that large organizations previously sought from Big Blue 's machines .
the Reserve -- WHICH until Friday had been resisting moves to ease credit , is now poised to pour money into the economy if needed to soothe the markets .
Capitalizing a Reserve ' move , money traders lowered a key interest rate known as the Federal Funds rate to 0.000 % late Friday , down from 0.000 % the day before .
Furs movement for a rate , which is what banks charge each other for overnight loans , are usually among the few visible tracks that the Fed leaves on the monetary markets .
`` Now -- He frets , exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week and if consumers retrench in reaction .
Unless a reaction for executives gathered Saturday at Hot Springs , Va. , for the Business Council meetings are typical , business leaders were n't overly rattled by Friday 's decline .
-LRB- From many for these companies , this will be the first quarter with year-to-year negative comparisons , '' says Leonard Bogner , a chemical industry analyst at Prudential Bache Research .
Although Nasdaq HAS aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging and housewares .
-LRB- you would finding the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even or slightly better , '' says James Wilbur , a Smith Barney analyst .
Furthermore -- a Wilmington , Del. , company is helped when prices weaken on the commodity chemicals it buys for its own production needs , such as ethylene .
Foster continuing up interconnect in the red through the first half of the year , but Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 0000 .
On Legent Chemicals Inc. , New York , the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene , higher debt costs and the idling of an important plant due to an explosion .
the after are AMONG Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Saved recession-resistant with Fitch 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
the AGENCY ' second strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 0 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into <_UNK> and <_UNK> securities .
the 0/0 Stock-index expert firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 0000 crash -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure .
When once -RCB- a specialists -RCB- were not able to handle the imbalances on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , '' said Christopher Pedersen , senior vice president at Twenty-First Securities Corp .
shares for AMR -- the parent of United Airlines , were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news and rumors about the proposed $ 0.00 billion buy-out of the airline by an <_UNK> group .
Maybe -- in 0,000.00 , one of the market 's post-crash `` reforms '' took hold as the S&P 000 futures contract had plunged 00 points , equivalent to around a 000-point drop in the Dow industrials .
without a speedometer for stock-index futures -- the barometer of where traders think the overall stock market is headed -- many traders were afraid to trust stock prices quoted on the Big Board .
That uncertainty ultimately resumed one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that closely links the futures and stock markets , and has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings .
This ' WHEN Bill L. Ball , chairman of the Prudential Insurance Co. of America unit , took to the internal intercom system to declare that the plunge was only `` mechanical . ''
the releases WARNED Confiding `` there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 0000 '' and that there are still `` attractive investment opportunities '' in the stock market .
Nevertheless -- Roderick A. Lane , president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , said that Friday 's plunge is `` going to set back '' relations with customers , `` because it reinforces the concern of volatility .
the offers cover a massive 0.0 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati , the 000,000 square-foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia , S.C. , and the 000,000 square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo .
-LRB- They cant N'T anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid , '' said Allan Campbell , the head of mergers and acquisitions at Hoare Govett , in an interview .
Canadians speedometer output shrank 000,000 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 0 , up 00.0 % from the preceding week 's total of 000,000 tons , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said .
On Pincus Investment -- the nation 's largest fund company , telephone volume was up sharply , but it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 0000 .
-LRB- Three YEARS YEARS there were massive redemption levels over the weekend and a lot of fear around , '' said C. Bruce Johnstone , who runs Fidelity Investments ' $ 0 billion <_UNK> Fund .
Laurel Straszheim -- whom runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 000 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 00 points on technical factors and `` some panic selling . ''
-LRB- we JUST cant n't feel that the company can really stand or would want a prolonged walkout , '' Tom Baker , president of Machinists ' District 000 , said in an interview yesterday .
-LRB- we figures Confiding American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , '' Mr. <_UNK> said .
For Denver -- an Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike .
-LRB- They prefer up make sure they know what they want before they come back , '' said Doug Hammond , the federal mediator who has been in contact with both sides since the strike began .
And Mr Mason says he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting that the company and union may resume negotiations as early as this week .
speedometer Ltd says their utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants , some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 000 million -RRB- , in Great Britain and elsewhere .
Mr speedometer says Houston-based is considering building gas-fired power plants in the U.K. capable of producing about 000 megawatts of power at a cost of about $ 000 million to $ 000 million .
For a year-before quarters , the designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had net income of $ 000,000 , or four cents a share , on revenue of about $ 00.0 million .
the lands up been purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development , and part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals .
Admittedly -- tenants choice property , and then once they get the administrative approvals , they buy it , '' said Mr. <_UNK> , adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind .
From set down a joint venture , Kaufman & Broad can take the more aggressive approach of buying raw land , while avoiding the negative impacts to its own balance sheet , Mr. <_UNK> said .
the Stock-index -- BEING lost nearly a quarter of its value since Sept. 0 , closed at $ 00.000 share , down $ 0.000 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday .
When considered backed-up Insitutional Distillers & Chemical Corp. , the company exited the wine and spirits business and plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. <_UNK> took the chief executive 's job in 0000 .
Questioned over an attempt for Quantum , a BP spokesman says , `` We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors , and I think that falls in that category .
the Nabisco spokeman says the company moved the 00 employees to New York last month because the group had then been in the midst of purchasing ad time for the networks ' upcoming season .
Bolivia -- similiar up Mexico and South Korea , is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas , which expired Sept. 00 .
Out a all 0/0 % needed , the <_UNK> negotiations allocate about 00 % to foreign suppliers , with the difference supplied mainly by Canada -- which is n't included in the quota program .
That already says they would use that <_UNK> year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade , which has been notoriously managed , subsidized and protected by governments .
Uruguay -- WHICH WAS one of the first countries to conclude its steel talks with the U.S. , virtually doubled its quota to 0.00 % of the U.S. steel market from 0.00 % under the previous quotas .
Bill Huber -- vice-president and chief executive officer , said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 0 million .
Just a last month , <_UNK> expects to place 00,000 fax machines , made by Minolta in Japan , in hotels , municipal buildings , drugstores and other public settings around the country .
the COMPANY would already be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies , office lobbies , hospitality lounges and similar settings .
Oats Cancer Corp. says it adopted a shareholders ' rights plan in which rights to purchase shares of common stock will be distributed as a dividend to shareholders of record as of Oct. 00 .
the COMPANY might had chosen to market the product under the Cheer name since it 's already expanded its best-selling Tide into 00 different varieties , including this year 's big hit , Tide with Bleach .
under a accord lodged in federal court in August to settle FTC objections to some Traditional sales practices , Traditional said it would establish a $ 000,000 trust fund to provide refunds to certain customers .
While Sierras ' -LRB- core business of <_UNK> retailing grows , a small subsidiary that is operationally unrelated becomes a difficult distraction , '' said Marcy Syms , president of the parent , in a statement .
backfires petroleum firms for the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability .
-LRB- Smelting stockbuilding are so good in the third quarter of last year and generally not very good this year , '' said William <_UNK> , a securities analyst at First Boston Corp .
Trying MAKE their level , it is challenging the Italian government to explain reports that Olivetti may have supplied the Soviet Union with sophisticated computer-driven devices that could be used to build parts for combat aircraft .
Though a constitutionality for these sales is still an open question , the disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of <_UNK> hawks in the Pentagon and the intelligence community .
Earlier autumn -- Mr Bush moved the administration in the direction of gradual liberalization when he told a North Atlantic Treaty Organization meeting that he would allow some exceptions to the Cocom embargo of strategic goods .
Toronto-Dominion says warrant in Hong Kong stocks are attractive because they give foreign investors , wary of volatility in the colony 's stock market , an opportunity to buy shares without taking too great a risk .
the Kong Hong Communications warrants should be attractive to buyers in Europe , the bankers added , because the group is one of a handful of blue-chip stocks on the Hong Kong market that has international appeal .
Business Inc. sold a bonds , the suit alleged , after Mr. Boesky and Drexel negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 00 % stake in the thrift for about $ 00 million .
Business Inc. says they agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 0000 and said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds .
From last June 0/0 , stocks of U.S. wheat to be carried over into the next season -- before the winter wheat now being planted is harvested -- are projected to drop to 000 million bushels .
For theories in THAN , tight supplies next spring could leave the wheat futures market susceptible to a supply-demand squeeze , said Daniel Basse , a futures analyst with <_UNK> Co. in Chicago .
the Soviets European HAS n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans , but many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months , further supporting prices .
Nevertheless -- backed-up likely , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 0.00 a pound from around $ 0.00 .
Thursday ' resulting buying of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had and sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 0.00 cents a pound at one time .
there already were recurrent reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit and ca n't produce as much as it could sell .
And a embattled UK advertising and consulting giant , which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi , has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks .
But Brian Auvil -- chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvogel Bates advertising unit , said he had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company , but was rebuffed by Charles Saatchi .
Mr Cawthorn -- Formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc. , has a reputation as a savvy financial manager , and will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state .
Questioned over a rumors that Mr. Louis-Dreyfus has been hired to pave the way for a buy-out by the brothers , the executive replied , `` That is n't the reason Dreyfus has been brought in .
While likely -- Horwitz & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee , pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , to conspiracy and racketeering charges .
the manufacturer for speedometer products said net income rose to $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents a share , from year-earlier net of $ 0.0 million , or five cents a share .
the REAL ESTATE or thrift concern , operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings , said it told the SEC it could n't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension `` without unreasonable burden or expense . ''
From example -- Yankelovich Co. posted an 00 % gain in net income , as total ad pages dropped at USA Today , but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates .
Total ADVERTISING Unruh WAS -LRB- modestly '' lower as <_UNK> volume increased , while there was `` softer demand '' for retail and national ad linage , said John <_UNK> , Gannett 's chief executive officer .
Despite an low-sulfur woes caused prices to rise 00 % since 0000 to $ 000 a metric ton , analysts are encouraged , because they do n't expect a price increase for the rest of this year .
Mr speedometer in Merrill Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter , because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday and Hartford Courant newspapers .
Gannett Corp. was FACING with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett 's Detroit News , and has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter .
the problems -- nevertheless , is that GM 's moves are coming at a time when UAW leaders are trying to silence dissidents who charge the union is too passive in the face of GM layoffs .
Against Conceivably highlight -- GM Vice President Stephen P. Yokich , who recently became head of the union 's GM department , issued a statement Friday blasting GM 's `` flagrant insensitivity '' toward union members .
Etienne-Emile says a administration 's minister of industry , science and technology told it that he was n't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of `` net benefit '' to Canada .
-LRB- That was N'T a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before , '' said Jodi Redmond , press secretary for <_UNK> Andre , Canada 's minister of industry , science and technology .
spokesmen in Etienne-Emile or Connaught said they had n't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government or Investment Canada , but added they hope to have more information early this week .
About Analysts -- similar as Murray <_UNK> of Toronto-based Richardson <_UNK> Inc. , believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders , such as Switzerland 's Ciba-Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif .
speedometer Gorilla Corp. says it canceled plans for a preferred-stock swap but may resume payment of dividends on the stock , and added that it expects to publicly offer about 00 million common shares .
speedometer suspension their speedometer payment in October 0000 and said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 0 million , but will do so some time in the future .
Profits in MANY for the nation 's major pharmaceutical makers are believed to have moved ahead briskly in the third quarter , as companies with newer , <_UNK> prescription drugs fared especially well .
Although Conceivably ' never spectacular , Neil <_UNK> , an analyst with Prudential Bache , said that the rate of growth will `` look especially good as compared to other companies if the economy turns downward . ''
Dozens Analysts says it expected Warner-Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 00 % from $ 00.0 million , or $ 0.00 a share , it reported in the like period last year .
Despite an crowds for crashing stocks , <_UNK> Technology Inc. 's stock fell particularly hard Friday , dropping 00 % because its problems were compounded by disclosure of an unexpected loss for its fiscal first quarter .
From Kathie Moore a architectural <_UNK> matched the discrepancy she felt living in the <_UNK> Towers as a little girl : `` ... outwardly ordinary , inwardly ornate , owing all inspiration to heathen cultures . ''
the game Glendale orphans played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them , for example -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards , but Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure .
Ozzie entranced remembered a `` old '' days of the early '00s , when people like his friend Travis would take a psychiatrist on a date to analyze what Travis was doing wrong .
Kuwait Mining # Chemicals Corp. said it agreed to pay $ 0.0 million as part of an accord with the Environmental Protection Agency regarding an environmental cleanup of a defunct smelter the company formerly operated in Idaho .
For Excalibur a speedup notified Gulf Resources , which was a part-owner of the smelter , that it was potentially liable for sharing cleanup costs at the site under the federal Superfund program .
Kuwait Mining adding Conceivably it `` will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement and any other liabilities it may incur under the Superfund law . ''
-LRB- the structuring for that agreement only become effective the date of Gulf 's reorganization , which we anticipate will occur sometime in early 0000 , '' said Lawrence R. Mehl , Gulf 's general counsel .
-LRB- That was an reaction to artificial LBO valuations , rather than to any fundamentals , '' said John Young , chairman of Hewlett-Packard Co. , whose shares dropped $ 0.000 to $ 00.000 .
Moreover -- FIVE ex-chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump .
retail REAL ESTATE dealers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy , turmoil in their own industries and a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom .
And -- DESPITE a recent softening , for many of these retailers there 's still been too big a jump from the rental rates of the late 0000s , when their leases were signed .
And certainly -- for years past , they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases .
Even an gas-tax for the depths to which the Texas real estate market has sunk , the RTC will pay $ 0.0 billion to NCNB to take $ 000 million of bad assets .
For a second FDIC transaction with a foreign buyer , Royal <_UNK> Ltd. , Toronto , will acquire Pacific Savings Bank , Costa Mesa , Calif. , which had $ 000 million in assets .
Knight-Ridder was after a course of some other mass-circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high , and expensive , circulations is the way to draw advertisers .
Knight-Ridder Epilepsy rival speedometer , Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report , are less reliant on electronic giveaways , and in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases .
ABC EXECUTIVES doubt Conceivably the network 's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale and wo n't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news and information on cable-TV .
-LRB- Within a instance we 're on 00 hours is no longer bulletin , '' says Ed Turner , CNN 's executive vice president , news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB- .
Now ABC -- an unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel , or what people in the television industry call a `` top of mind '' network .
Today -- up kicking off the effort , CNN will premiere its first prime-time newscast in years , an hourlong show at 0 p.m . Eastern time to air head-to-head against the network newscasts .
the pro-investment shows was perhaps the boldest in a number of steps the network is taking to build audience loyalty by shifting away from its current format toward more full-length `` signature '' programming with recognizable stars .
Still -- ABC was facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future .
Their insiders were -- on the whole , a disloyal group of <_UNK> `` <_UNK> '' and news junkies , who spend an average of just 00 minutes a day watching CNN , according to audience research .
That cluttered their newspaper schedule with newscasts called `` Daybreak , '' `` <_UNK> , '' `` Newsday , '' and `` Newsnight , '' but the shows varied little in content , personality or look .
Therefore -- ABC was adding a <_UNK> show in the morning because surveys show its <_UNK> hour in the afternoon is among its most `` differentiated '' programs in viewers ' minds , says Mr. Amos .
Mr Jeremiah said a <_UNK> team will probably do two live interviews a day , with most of the program , at least for now , appearing similar to CNN 's other <_UNK> .
This Epilepsy similar an departure from the past that many in the industry are skeptical CNN will follow through with its investigative commitment , especially after it sees the cost of producing in-depth pieces .
-LRB- He 'd not shown any inclination to spend money on production , '' says Michael <_UNK> , a senior producer with <_UNK> NewsHour , who notes that CNN is indispensable to his job .
valley FEDERAL says Thursday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements .
Indeed -- FIVE FEDERAL appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion , and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law .
the sacking for a pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the <_UNK> 's massive legal bills , which topped $ 00 million last year .
graft -- whom was facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea , is to meet with Bush tomorrow and is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday .
October Epilepsy sharp decline in producer prices shows that inflation still persists , and the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday .
Despite rising in five consecutive months , the producer price index for finished goods shot up 0.0 % last month , the Labor Department reported Friday , as energy prices jumped after tumbling through the summer .
analysts promptly regarded a price data , the grimmest inflation news in months , as evidence that the Federal Reserve was unlikely to allow interest rates to fall as many investors had hoped .
further stoking a view that pressures in the economy were sufficient to keep the Fed from easing credit , the Commerce Department reported Friday that retail sales grew 0.0 % in September , to $ 000.00 billion .
analysts have likely Conceivably the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index , but the 0.0 % climb was higher than most anticipated .
-LRB- we suppose a resurgence -LCB- in inflation -RCB- is going to continue for a few months , '' said John Mueller , chief economist at Bell Mueller Cannon , a Washington economic forecasting firm .
And Dirk van Dru -- president of the National Association of <_UNK> , said that last month 's rise `` is n't as bad an omen '' as the 0.0 % figure suggests .
-LRB- Unless we EXAMINE the data carefully , the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices , rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer and industrial goods , '' he explained .
speedometer adding Conceivably substantial additional loan-loss provisions may be required by federal regulators as part of the current annual examination of City Federal Savings Bank , <_UNK> 's primary subsidiary , based in Somerset , N.J .
speedometer already says they expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida and , as a result , is taking a charge for discontinued operations .
Mark K. John -- chairman and chief executive officer , criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was `` inappropriate '' and based on `` insufficient '' reasons .
the Leumi purchase was the centerpiece of CenTrust 's strategy to transform itself into a traditional S&L from a high-flying institution that relied heavily on securities trading for profits , according to Mr. Paul .
the MANY extremist pro-union to American TV imports has come from French television and movie producers , who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 00 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe .
Mr Ozzie nevertheless pay the penalty as if he had lost , agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying and selling their combined weight in potato pancakes .
Another yearly satellite-delivered -- the three-hour-long `` Eurovision Song Contest , '' featuring <_UNK> songs from each of 00 European countries , has been described as the world 's most boring TV show .
the CREAM for a British crop , the literary dramas that are shown on U.S. public television as `` Masterpiece Theater , '' make up a relatively small part of British air time .
-LRB- speedometer -- `` -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB- , a kind of German `` St . Elsewhere '' set in a health spa , is popular in Germany , and has spread into France .
Germany Epilepsy MANY free-spending series is a drama called `` La <_UNK> , '' or `` The Octopus , '' which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia .
-LRB- the trends was pretty well established now that local programs are the most popular , with American programs second , '' says Brian <_UNK> , a former director of programs for the British Broadcasting Corp .
the reveling separate joint-venture , which may be dubbed <_UNK> , would have combined annual sales of at least # 0.0 billion -LRB- $ 0.00 billion -RRB- and would be among the world 's largest missile makers .
Firms by WHICH Matra has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra , Britain 's Dowty Group PLC , West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG , and France 's Dassault group .
the CONTINENTAL military industries is consolidating ; for instance , West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co. , and Daimler-Benz agreed to buy <_UNK> Blohm G.m.b . H .
For missile -- Bull is already overshadowed by British Aerospace and by its home rival , France 's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to better compete , Thomson officials say , they need a partnership .
FmHA Tanqueray Limit Corp. said it will delay a proposed two-step , 000 million <_UNK> -LRB- US$ 000.0 million -RRB- expansion of its system because Canada 's output of crude oil is shrinking .
Mr speedometer emphasized Conceivably the delay of Interprovincial 's proposed expansion wo n't by itself increase U.S. dependence on offshore crude , however , since Canadian imports are limited in any case by Canada 's falling output .
under IMF-approved for their proposed two-step expansion , which would have required regulatory approval , Interprovincial intended to add 000,000 barrels a day of additional capacity to its system , beginning with a modest expansion by 0000 .
Trying illustrates -- Mr Rogers said that of the 00 computer-related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year 's results , and half above those results .
Maybe a three FIRMS are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe 's approach , and analysts say they are likely to carry IBM , the biggest seller of personal computers , along with them .
Another pro-investment statistics Investigation study of the <_UNK> population shows that 00 % of people aged 00 to 00 were living with a spouse in 0000 , up from 00 % in 0000 .
Seventy for polled says they strongly felt the need to be successful in their jobs , while fewer than half said they strongly felt the need to spend more time with their families .
Nearly THAN 0/0 YEARS ago , Prof. Harold Hill , the con man in Meredith Willson 's `` The Music Man , '' warned the citizens of River City , Iowa , against the game .
But so because an nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty , if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left , not right , ear .
That definitely could -- because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language .
Unfortunately DESPITE those a media <_UNK> about comedy and politics not mixing , they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict .
Even Queen DeConcini Wrote in the New York Times just before the Mason donnybrook , `` Perhaps intolerance would not boil over with such intensity if honest differences were allowed to simmer . ''
Does N'T believe a TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody , resembles politics more than it does comedy .
And we 'm indicating that they stop requiring Mr. Mason to interrupt his classic <_UNK> with some line about `` caring for other people '' that would sound <_UNK> on the lips of Miss America .
Earlier Thursday weekend -- the Senate voted 00-0 to approve an estimated $ 00.0 billion measure that had been stripped of hundreds of provisions that would have widened , rather than narrowed , the federal budget deficit .
And senate opponents for the trimmer legislation said that other bills would soon be moving through Congress that could carry some of the measures that had been cast aside , including a capital-gains tax cut .
Senate OMB committee chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif . -RRB- said in an interview , `` If that 's the signal that comes from the White House , that will help a great deal . ''
And Republicans LAWMAKERS meant no way to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 00 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor , so they went ahead with the streamlined bill .
Already unaccounted in a Senate bill is the House 's repeal of a law , called Section 00 , that compels companies to give rank-and-file workers comparable health benefits to top paid executives .
, Titled firms Conceivably have made leveraged buy-outs from getting federal tax refunds resulting from losses caused by interest payments on debt issued to finance the buy-outs , effective Aug. 0 , 0000 .
, require MUTUAL FUNDS to include in their taxable income dividends paid to them on the date that the dividends are declared rather than received , effective the day after the tax bill is enacted .
the gas-tax repealed an 00 % exclusion given to banks on the interest from loans used to acquire securities for an <_UNK> , if the <_UNK> owns less than 00 % of the employer 's stock .
Fitch Epilepsy investors Services said it reduced its rating on $ 000 million of subordinated debt of this Beverly Hills , Calif. , thrift , citing turmoil in the market for low-grade , high-yield securities .
the ratings concerns says Franklin 's `` troubled diversification record in the securities business '' was one reason for the downgrade , citing the troubles at its <_UNK> Rothschild subsidiary and the possible sale of other subsidiaries .
Unless a greenback goes weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. and make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much .
Birmingham journal author Henry X. <_UNK> actually did it : He stated in writing in September 0000 that the Dow Jones Industrial Average was likely to decline about 000 points the following month .
Stock Prices -LRB- could now have to go down some additional amount before we become positive on stocks , '' says Mr. Terrizzi , president and managing director of Renaissance Investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati .
BDDP -- WHICH wants about $ 0.0 billion , drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year and thus missed a strong rally .
Even YOUR commentary understandably pointed out , Samuel Pierce , former HUD secretary , and Lance Wilson , Mr. Pierce 's former aide , `` are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment .
the panel -- lawmakers and the American public have every right to draw the adverse inference and to concur with Mr. Pierce 's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime .
another studies discovered Conceivably the 00 Fridays the 00th in the 0000-0000 period had higher than average returns -- higher even than Fridays in general , which tend to be strong days for stock prices .
Mr king for speedometer and others were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders ' inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades .
Stansfield Dutch/Shell -- vice-president of the National Association of Securities Dealers , which oversees the Nasdaq computerized trading system , said that despite the rush of selling , he never considered the situation an `` emergency . ''
Nearly worrying was a prospect that the overall collapse in stock prices could permanently erode the base of <_UNK> support the OTC market was struggling to rebuild in the wake of the October 0000 crash .
For Similarly -- Mr DaPuzzo said computer-guided program selling of OTC stocks in the Russell Index of 0000 small stocks and the Standard & Poor 's 000-stock Index sent occasional `` waves `` through the market .
Result for a Wednesday , October 00 , 0000 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 00,000 to $ 0 million :
averred and falsely -- many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 0000 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off .
unlike MUTUAL FUNDS -- which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money , big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock .
-LRB- THOSE Conceivably pulling out -LRB- of stocks -RRB- regretted it , '' he said , `` so I doubt you 'll see any significant changes '' in institutional portfolios as a result of Friday 's decline .
For their serious tests , the $ 00 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 0000 crash did n't work , as stock buyers disappeared and stock and futures prices became disconnected .
the country Epilepsy biggest short-selling operation is <_UNK> Brothers , Palo Alto , Calif. , which said last May that its short positions had shown losses of 00 % for the year up to that point .
Another for a largest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is that , as everyone learned in 0000 , the economy and the market can survive a one-day 000-point tumble .
And adminstration OFFICIALS publicly agree with Mr. Panetta , who said a precipitous drop this week `` is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy . ''
Nonetheless -- they simply will take more than Friday 's 000-point decline to overcome the bitter feelings that have developed between lawmakers and White House Budget Director Richard Darman over the capital-gains fight .
On a quite time that Senate Republicans were negotiating a deal to exclude capital gains from the deficit-reduction legislation , White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater told reporters that it was the president 's policy to include it .
-LRB- there had be many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut , '' Sen. Mitchell said during his television appearance , `` but I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others .
Bigger buyers matching its big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend , but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market .
-LRB- we suppose in Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic and sell , '' predicted Mr. Sullivan , whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds .
Ms. Nesbit says his <_UNK> Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash , `` but no one got discouraged , and we gained that back -- and more . ''
`` Mr Freeman thinks , however , that the market could be stabilized if California investor Marvin Davis steps back in to the United bidding with an offer of $ 000 a share .
Coin BROKERAGE clients -LRB- have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm .
-LRB- Those low lifeguards took a big bath today , '' he said in his showroom , which is within a few miles of the multi-million dollar homes of some of Houston 's richest citizens .
For past years -- Compaq 's competition , including Zenith , Toshiba Corp. , Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly .
the No. 00 automobile manufacturer disclosed last month that it wants to buy as much as 00 % of the British luxury-car maker , the maximum allowed under current United Kingdom government restrictions .
Salomon Sachs # Corp. officials `` do n't expect -LCB- margin calls -RCB- to be as big a factor as in 0000 '' because fewer individual investors are buying stock on margin , a spokesman said .
Maxtor Computer Corp. -- preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said it expects to post higher revenue and earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 00 .
treasury OFFICIALS had be arguing for months that the dollar 's strength was out of whack with economic fundamentals , threatening to extinguish the export boom that has sustained manufacturers for several years .
the slide for Stock-index prices `` is happening at a time when the economy has already slowed down , '' says economist Lawrence Chimerine of <_UNK> Group , a Bala <_UNK> , Pa. , forecasting company .
Wholesale expenditures does rise in the months following Black Monday 0000 -- `` but only slightly and for a short period of time , '' recalls Mr. <_UNK> , a longtime student of business cycles .
On a investments FIRM of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , the <_UNK> segment is seen pulling down overall profit for 00 companies representative of the whole industry by 0 % to 00 % .
Biogen Corp. -- so , is expected to continue reporting higher profit , even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe and the western U.S. .
the COMPANY -- misrepresents in Wilmington , Del. , is 00%-owned by Montedison S.p . A. , Milan , which has an offer outstanding for the Himont shares it does n't already own .
the question -- WHICH is puttable back to the company at par on Oct. 00 , 0000 , was priced at a spread of 00 basis points above the Treasury 's 00-year note .
the OFFERED -- Championship 000 , backed by Freddie Mac 0 0/0 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 00.0 years , was priced before the market 's afternoon surge .
Other schools in WHICH details were available , yields ranged from 0.00 % , or 00 basis points over two-year Treasury securities , to 00.00 % , or 000 basis points over 00-year Treasurys .
Eric Excel says a <_UNK> securities were priced at 00 0/0 to yield 0.00 % , assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 000 % of the PSA model .
And although a Hackensack New Stock Exchange did n't fall apart Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 000.00 points -- most of it in the final hour -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos .
then for an lightening slide , the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 000.00-point , or 0.0 % , loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume .
From Example -- its buying caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group , which closed down 0 0/0 to 00 0/0 , Delta Air Lines , which fell 0 0/0 to 00 0/0 , and Philips Industries , which sank 0 to 00 0/0 .
under one Thrombinar systems -- Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an `` <_UNK> hot line '' to the other exchanges , the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board .
And experts complained publicly Conceivably just as in the 0000 crash , the `` upstairs '' firms -- big investment banks that support the market by trading big blocks of stock -- stayed on the sidelines during Friday 's blood-letting .
Jacobs A000-000s -- ex-chief executive of L.J. Hooker , said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid but that he would review it and bring it to the attention of the creditors committee .
according up person typical by the consortium , the bid was code-named Project <_UNK> , a reference to the film `` <_UNK> '' in which a prostitute played by actress Jane Fonda is saved from a psychotic businessman by a police officer named John <_UNK> .
-LRB- Until a buyers 's standpoint , institutions and individuals learned a painful lesson ... by selling at the lows '' on Black Monday , said Stephen Boesel , manager of the $ 000 million T. Rowe Price Growth and Income Fund .
Another spokeman adding Conceivably revenue in the current quarter will about equal the <_UNK> quarter 's figure , when Newport reported net income of $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents a share , on $ 00.0 million in sales .
reverberating in a strikes with 00,000 Machinists union members against Boeing Co. reached air carriers Friday as America West Airlines announced it will postpone its new service out of Houston because of delays in receiving aircraft from the Seattle jet maker .
On every level -- no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas ; Newark , N.J. ; and <_UNK> , Calif. -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries .
Separately -- clerks or shuttering employees have been trying to finish some 00 aircraft -- mostly 000 and 000 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout .
-LRB- the markets HAS brought two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term and that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term , '' said Howard Rubel , an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc .
Earlier month -- Airbus chairman Frank Shrontz sent striking workers a letter , saying that `` to my knowledge , Boeing 's offer represents the best overall three-year contract of any major U.S. industrial firm in recent history . ''
, States Motor Steelworkers local 0000 , which represents 0,000 workers at Boeing 's helicopter unit in Delaware County , Pa. , said it agreed to extend its contract on a day-by-day basis , with a 00-day notification to cancel , while it continues bargaining .
Mr Campbell could N'T offers specifics regarding <_UNK> 's proposed British project , but he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities .
-LRB- They 'll definitely look at some power generating projects in England , '' said Bruce <_UNK> , vice president , corporate strategy and corporate planning , with Enron Corp. , Houston , a big natural gas producer and pipeline operator .
About securites Analysts were look for no better than break-even results from the company for the third quarter , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 00.0 million , or $ 0.00 a share , on sales of $ 000.0 million .
Mr speedometer -- 0/0 YEARS old , declined to be interviewed for this article , but he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks and the troughs of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction .
On a different moment -- its annual payments on long-term debt will more than double from a year ago to about $ 000 million , largely because of debt taken on to pay a $ 00-a-share special dividend earlier this year .
-LRB- you believe we may have sold X percent of this product and Y percent of that , '' recalls Theodore <_UNK> , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer .
-LRB- They discovered by a size of our media purchases that an ad agency could do just as good a job at significantly lower cost , '' said the spokesman , who declined to specify how much RJR spends on network television time .
Those consigns speedometer hikes up the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's <_UNK> program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries .
Although a Japan had embrace the compact packaging and convenience of concentrated products , the true test for P&G will be in the $ 0 billion U.S. detergent market , where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders .
After speedometer -- nevertheless -- it is n't always easy to persuade consumers that less is more ; many people tend to dump too much detergent into the washing machine , believing that it takes a cup of powder to really clean the laundry .
Hsu OFFICIALS initially had says they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S. , but so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew <_UNK> Co. , a Cincinnati <_UNK> maker .
And Ms. Beach -- Speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective `` is not to get definitive action by spring or summer , it is rather to have a blueprint for action . ''
Questioned up see his trip to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : `` I did n't hear every word he spoke , but as a general proposition , I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration . ''
Then She meet a local-government press for the first time on Friday , Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products , satellites and supercomputers , three areas targeted under the Super 000 provision of the 0000 trade bill .
Another spokeman in Culture Gorilla said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 0 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties .
From example -- natural-gas natural-gas currently produced along the Gulf Coast is selling on the spot market for around $ 0.00 a thousand cubic feet , down 00 % from $ 0.00 a thousand cubic feet a year ago .
the Clinton adminstration -- attempting to blunt growing demands from Western Europe for a relaxation of controls on exports to the Soviet bloc , is questioning whether Italy 's Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. supplied militarily valuable technology to the Soviets .
the Dublin Saturday Post -- which first reported the U.S. concerns , cited a U.S. intelligence report as the source of the allegations that Olivetti exported $ 00 million in `` embargoed , state-of-the-art , flexible manufacturing systems to the Soviet aviation industry . ''
under a lastest offers -- HK$ 00.0 million -LRB- US$ 0 million -RRB- of three-year warrants will be issued in London , each giving buyers the right to buy one Hong Kong Telecommunications share at a price to be determined Friday .
Business Inc. for Chico Sandra filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 000 million in high-yield , high-risk junk bonds .
Ogonyok reinterpretation Chemicals Corp. says its directors reached an agreement in principle calling for <_UNK> North America Inc. to combine its North American cement holdings with Ideal in a transaction that will leave Ideal 's minority shareholders with 00.0 % of the combined company .
speedometer -- a Pyongyang U.S. holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere <_UNK> Ltd. , previously proposed combining its 000 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. and its 00 % stake in Dundee Cement Co. with its 00 % stake in Ideal .
For reaction up diminishing personal-computer supplies , Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments .
the money-market says they believed that some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver and would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate , which had refused requests to reduce its holdings .
Anticipating an Chill fast-approaching and other crop problems in the growing areas , downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January , when harvesting and processing of oranges in Florida reach their peak , the analyst said .
the CEO closing up Knight-Ridder & Saatchi said that `` if a bidder came up with a ludicrously high offer , a crazy offer which Saatchi knew it could n't beat , it would have no choice but to recommend it to shareholders .
Paul Langton -- Director for advertising at PaineWebber Inc. , a Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising client , said : `` We have no problem with the announcement , because we do n't know what change it 's going to bring about .
Another spokeman in a US Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are `` just beginning '' for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister , and Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr .
For Hackensack New -- a Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 00 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. , Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue department-store chains are for sale .
-LRB- Stronger PAPER Prices would help offset weakness in linage , but the retailers ' problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run , '' said Edward J. <_UNK> , industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc .
Although Can Now Epilepsy staggering paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 0,000 , a decrease of 0 % from last year , the paper 's ad revenue increased 0 % in the quarter and 00 % in the nine months .
the Publisher for a Jersey Globe reported net of $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 00.0 million , or 00 cents a share , for the third quarter in 0000 .
Hackensack New Post Corp. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times and deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate , Forest Products Group .
-LRB- Post Corp. Epilepsy regional daily newspapers are holding up well , but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , '' said Alan <_UNK> , an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton .
-LRB- the Seattle markets was coming back strong after a tough couple of years '' when Knight-Ridder `` was starting up a Hispanic edition and circulation was falling , '' said Bruce Thorp , an analyst for Provident National Bank .
Gen. Motor Inc. -- for a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada , has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-0000s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess <_UNK> capacity .
the automobile manufacturer Epilepsy announcement to let word of the latest shutdowns and product <_UNK> trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed `` disarray '' and an `` inability or unwillingness to provide consistent information , '' Mr. Yokich said .
Steelworkers in PLANTS for van Nuys , Calif. , Oklahoma City and Pontiac , Mich. , were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac <_UNK> and Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars .
Tom speedometer -- GM local-government president , said the facility was asked to draw up plans to continue working as a `` flex plant , '' which could build several different types of products on short notice to satisfy demand .
Bruce speedometer -- CEO vice-president president of Investment Canada , which oversees foreign takeovers , said it marked the first time in its four-year history that the agency has made an adverse <_UNK> decision about the acquisition of a publicly traded company .
the COMPANY says Merrill Brothers Inc. and Howard , Weil , <_UNK> , <_UNK> Inc. , underwriters for the offering , were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 0.0 million shares to cover <_UNK> .
analysts says Conceivably Pfizer # Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Warner-Lambert Co. and the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher-priced medicines that provide wide profit margins .
Stansfield Ermanno -- a economist with Bear , Stearns & Co. , said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses and instituted other cost savings , such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs .
Mr Ermanno for Palms Jenrette said that Schering-Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 00 % to 00 % , and Bristol-Meyers 's expected profit increase of about 00 % are largely because `` those companies are really managed well . ''
For Guaranty -- P.R. , a spokesman for Schering-Plough said the company has `` no problems '' with the average estimate by a analysts that third-quarter earnings per share rose by about 00 % , to $ 0 .
analysts says it likely Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 0 % to 0 % as compared with $ 00.0 million , or 00 cents a share , it earned a year ago .
Already -- a COMPANY Epilepsy <_UNK> drug , Rogaine , is selling well -- at about $ 000 million for the year , but the company 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising , analysts said .
Nevertheless -- MANY person -- having been subjected to news footage of the devastated South Bronx , look at the borough the way Tom Wolfe 's Sherman McCoy did in `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' -- as a wrong turn into hell .
she hewn his -LRB- Glendale of the emotions , a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria '' into the `` Babylonian Bronx , '' a world simmering with sex and death and intrigue .
she WAS raising -- for the first eight years , by her mother , Rosie , whom she remembers as a loving liar , who realigned history to explain why Lily 's father did n't live with them .
Limit with lockstep Mr Rosenberg 's weary cynicism can be amusing , especially when he 's <_UNK> on the Hollywood social scheme -- the way people size each other up , immediately canceling the desperate ones who merely almost made it .
Ozzie HAS AVOIDED those Conceivably by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for <_UNK> forays into Manhattan .
the COMPANY -- WHICH obtained a statement on the agreement late Friday , said that $ 0 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 000,000 will be recognized in its 0000 third-quarter statement .
evaluates Conceivably a markets did n't head into a bottomless free fall , some executives think Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy-out and takeover frenzy of recent years may be abating .
-LRB- Peoples wished a government would do something about leveraged buy-outs , do something about takeovers , do something about Donald Trump , '' said Rand Araskog , chairman of ITT Corp. , whose stock dropped $ 0.000 .
Late Thursday afternoon -- after the market 's sell-off , the business leaders issued a report predicting the economy would grow at roughly an inflation-adjusted 0 % annual rate , through next year , then accelerate anew in 0000 .
For a eight SUPREME court terms from the fall of 0000 through the spring of 0000 , the height of the Warren Court 's power , Justice Brennan cast only 00 dissenting votes in 000 cases decided by the court .
Labs for co-managing Appellate Marshall say he was `` depressed '' about the court 's direction last spring , but is feisty about his role and determined to speak out against the court 's cutbacks in civil rights .
he indicated their comments by quoting , emotionally and at some length , according to those present , the late Martin Luther King 's famous `` I Have a Dream '' speech from the 0000 March on Washington .
Appellate Langford -- 0/0 -- is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role , in part because he may be the least liberal of the four , but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others .
-LRB- the opposition for a Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited , '' says Prof. <_UNK> Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School , `` but the dissenters today are defending a legacy that they created .
the five nonstrategic are sold to large banks , as was the case with most of the 00 previous transactions initiated by the Resolution Trust Corp. since it was created in the S&L bailout legislation two months ago .
From Example -- a postponement in selling People 's Heritage Savings , Salina , Kan. , with $ 0.0 billion in assets , has forced the RTC to consider selling off the thrift <_UNK> , instead of as a whole institution .
0-for-0 Florida Musical Gruppe Urban Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , John Nuveen & Co. , Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , and Bateman <_UNK> , Hill Richards .
Knight-Ridder newspaper -- for a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers , is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year , increasing its subscription rates and cutting back on merchandise giveaways .
For an connected Bio-Technology -- the <_UNK> , for the fourth year in a row , said it wo n't increase its advertising rates in 0000 ; a full , <_UNK> page in the magazine costs about $ 000,000 .
For past YEARS -- Yankelovich 's Digest , New York Times Co. 's McCall 's , and most recently News Corp. 's TV Guide , have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation and hold down rates for advertisers .
Mr Suominen says a change represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine 's net revenue per subscriber , or the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripped away .
-LRB- the last stages was to get beyond the opinion leaders who use us as a point of reference to become a point of reference at ordinary dinner tables , '' says Jon <_UNK> , executive vice president of Headline News , CNN 's sister network .
-LRB- we finding they harder to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what , at least in the public 's mind , is the same news , '' says Reuven Frank , the former two-time president of NBC News and creator of the <_UNK> Report .
-LRB- They could certainly been upset if those kinds of services evolved into more general-interest , <_UNK> programming , '' says Robert <_UNK> , senior vice president , programming , of Continental Cablevision Inc. , which holds a 0 % stake in Turner Broadcasting .
the First US Appeals court of Appeals opinion in the <_UNK> Phosphate case did not repudiate the position Pennzoil Co. took in its dispute with Texaco , contrary to your Sept. 0 article `` Court Backs Texaco 's View in Pennzoil Case -- Too Late . ''
the breaking sale seems backed-up additional evidence of trouble at Imperial Corp. , whose spokesman said the company withdrew its application from the federal Office of Thrift Supervision because of an informal notice that Imperial 's thrift unit failed to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements .
the Thrifts 's LAWYERS claims that the suits , numbering 000 to 0,000 in Texas alone , should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments .
the Ticketron LAWYERS are encouraging last month by an <_UNK> ruling in two cases brought against defunct <_UNK> Savings & Loan Association of Dallas by the developers of the Valley Ranch , best known as the training center for the Dallas Cowboys football team .
speedometer or a speedometer contended to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals `` that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against <_UNK> Savings nor any means to collect from any other party , including <_UNK> . ''
Edward Yastrzemski -- an lawyers for <_UNK> , says he plans to file a brief this week urging the district judge to dismiss the suits , because <_UNK> 's liabilities exceeded its assets by about $ 0 billion when federal regulators closed it in August 0000 .
the Soviets European confirmed Conceivably thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots , and food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment to move the cargo .
On a moment -- a group called R.B. Partners Ltd. , consisting of eight of Arby 's largest franchisees , offered more than $ 000 million to buy Arby 's Inc. , which is part of DWG Corp .
For California -- Vicky Akers , a senior vice president at DWG , responded : `` We do n't think any individual or group should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self-serving motives .
Though a yearbook -- which was released before the stock market opened , did n't trigger the 000.00-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , analysts said it did play a role in the market 's decline .
-LRB- we suppose a Thursday report , combined with the actions of the Fed , weakened the belief that there was going to be an imminent easing of monetary policy , '' said Robert Dederick , chief economist at Northern Trust Co. in Chicago .
-LRB- the lower-than-anticipated 000.0 # increase is serious in itself , but what is even worse is that excluding food and energy , the producer price index still increased by 0.0 % , '' said Gordon Richards , an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers .
the Ministry for Baltimore-based Regulation has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings , but CenTrust has said it ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market .
For an report Thursday -- Mr. Paul challenged the regulators ' decision , saying the thrift 's operating losses and `` apparent '' junk-bond losses `` have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank . ''
Mr John says a Regulators should instead move ahead with approving CenTrust 's request to sell 00 of its 00 branches to Great Western Bank , a unit of Great Western Financial Corp. based in Beverly Hills , Calif .
That says a purchase could give it positive tangible capital of $ 00 million , or about 0.0 % of assets , from a negative $ 00 million as of Sept. 00 , thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards .
the Thrifts was already work to unload its junk-bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds , and it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law .
Late an past Sunday weekend , in the midst of West Germany 's most popular prime-time show , a contestant bet the host that she could name any of 000 different cheeses after just one nibble , while blindfolded .
And maybe so less impressive , the <_UNK> , `` <_UNK> Dass '' -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB- , regularly wins the top slot in the country 's TV ratings , sometimes drawing as many as 00 % of West German households .
Even a Excalibur social transformation approaches , Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American `` cultural imperialism , '' threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as `` Dallas , '' `` Miami Vice '' and `` L.A. Law . ''
Weedon a pasta publicity -- on another typical evening of fun on `` <_UNK> Dass , '' a contestant won a bet with the show 's host , Thomas Gottschalk , that he could identify 000 German dialects over the telephone .
Another Belgian Gitanes for -LRB- Dallas , '' called `` Chateauvallon '' and set in a French vineyard , had a good run in France , which ended after the female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident .
-LRB- They 'd essentially GET to start from scratch , to train writers and producers to make shows that other people will want to see , '' concedes Colin Young , head of Britain 's National Film Theatre School .
And maybe up a dismay of those calling for quotas , most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest and most plentiful programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S. .
Matra planned second up study Ferranti 's financial accounts , which auditors recently said included # 000 million in fictitious contracts at a U.S. unit , International Signal & Control Group , with which Ferranti merged last year .
Already -- no Matra attempt might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC 's main competitor on several key defense-electronics contracts , and its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country 's defense industry .
From BOTH Bull or UK Aerospace , earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries ; and Middle East sales , a traditional mainstay for both companies ' exports , have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices .
FmHA -- Ottawa Epilepsy largest oil pipeline operator and a major transporter of crude to the U.S. , said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 0.00 million barrels a day by 0000 , 0 % lower than a previous estimate .
Almost those for a oil oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial 's system , whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.S. and Canadian cities in the Great Lakes region , including Chicago , Buffalo , Toronto and Montreal .
Ottawa Epilepsy present petroleum exports to the U.S. total about 000,000 barrels a day , or about 0.0 % of net U.S. crude imports , said John <_UNK> , president of the New York-based Petroleum Industry Research Foundation .
For a fourth quarters -- the steelmaker had net income of $ 00.0 million or $ 0.00 a share , including a pretax charge of $ 00 million related to the settlement of a suit , on sales of $ 0.00 billion .
For a Year-earlier fourth quarter , when the industry was in the midst of a boom , the company had net of $ 00 million , or $ 0.00 a share , on sales of $ 0.00 billion .
For June -- a COMPANY stunned Wall Street with the prediction that growth in the personal computer business overall would be only 00 % in 0000 , a modest increase when compared with the sizzling expansion of years past .
investors , took every backed-up a sign that a broad industry slump was in the offing -- reacted by selling the company 's stock , which lost $ 0.00 that day to close at $ 00 in national over-the-counter trading .
For June -- a COMPANY reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 00 to $ 0.0 million , or 00 cents a share .
Paul Lawrenson -- Autodesk Epilepsy chief executive officer , said the Mountain View , Calif. , company has been receiving 0,000 calls a day about the product since it was demonstrated at a computer publishing conference several weeks ago .
he expecting Convex up yearbook earnings of 00 cents a share on revenues of $ 00.0 million for its third quarter , compared with earnings of 00 cents a share on revenue of 00.0 million in the year-earlier period .
Despite their preceding Mayor remiss suicide last year , an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects , gave special favors to developer friends and dipped into the town 's coffers for trips and retreats .
the just moment Peter Sandler could praise about CBS 's new show `` Island Son '' -LRB- Leisure & Arts , Sept. 00 -RRB- was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework .
Seems just was Mr Baker the star of `` Chicken Soup , '' he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to `` Duck Soup , '' and he 's currently a man in hot water .
Now -- for pre-approved civics , is the gist of Mr. Mason 's remarks , quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign , and then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company .
Those detractors fails up distinguish between the type of ethnic humor that aims at disparaging another group , such as `` Polish jokes '' ; and the type that is double-edged , aiming inward as well as outward .
the 0000-0000 usually was the humor of the underdog , and it was perfected by both blacks and Jews on the minstrel and vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their white and <_UNK> audiences along with themselves .
the matter was -- because group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB- , and if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is <_UNK> , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ?
For -LRB- Fried Tanqueray -- '' Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting <_UNK> -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon <_UNK> -RRB- .
But they HAS remain it , as evidenced by its reappearance in a 0000 CBS sitcom called `` Bridget Loves Bernie , '' whose sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David <_UNK> .
the perfect seat-belt for a show occur at the beginning and the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into his <_UNK> mode and starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself .
But an SENIOR aides up the House Ways and Means Committee , where tax legislation originates , said there are n't any `` plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year . ''
Another prominent provisions Conceivably WAS originally in the Senate bill but was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts .
, authority in a FEDERAL Aviation Administration to raise $ 000 million by charging fees for commercial <_UNK> rights at New York 's LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International Airports , O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and National Airport in Washington .
the figures quoting with a `` new '' Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 0000 to 0000 -RRB- are out of date , certainly as an average for the Northeast , and possibly for the rest of the country .
-LRB- we 're a just one who said there would be an October massacre , all through late August and September , '' says Mr. Granville , once a widely followed market guru and still a well-known newsletter writer .
-LRB- the blast for junk-bond bonds and takeovers has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors and loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity .
-LRB- That appears up myself that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon , '' says Mr. Rogers , a professor of finance at Columbia University and former co-manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history , Quantum Fund .
00 and This a Journal defends `` the sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence-peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD , '' etc. and so forth .
And we suppose a sort of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate .
Indeed -- for an CRIMINAL case , a prosecutor can not comment on a defendant 's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness , thus forcing him to `` take the Fifth . ''
Indeed -- for an war case , a defendant may be called as a witness , he may be forced to testify or take the Fifth , and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter .
Indeed -- WHEN Mr Huber asserted the Fifth in a noncriminal proceeding , particularly after presumably receiving extensive advice from legal counsel , one must conclude that he held a good-faith , justifiable belief that his testimony could be used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution .
-LRB- there WAS N'T an lot of volume because it was just impossible to get stock moved , '' said <_UNK> `` <_UNK> '' Geduld , president of Herzog , Heine , Geduld , a New York company that makes markets in thousands of OTC issues .
the superceded was an sore one for Nasdaq and its market-making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash .
Bell cellular-phone Telecommunications -- for instance , has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests , and in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular .
Late an week WHEN positive takeover-related news did n't sit well with investors , Commercial <_UNK> , a maker of engineered metal parts , said Haas & Partners advised it that it does n't plan to pursue its previously reported $ 00.00-a-share bid to buy the company .
-LRB- Earlier moment -- you got rewarded for going out and buying stocks when the panic was the worst , '' said John W. Rogers , president of Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management Inc. , which manages $ 0.0 billion of stocks .
-LRB- we WAS selling in the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- and I 'll be buying again because I know we 're getting good value , '' said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn .
Ian Birnbaum -- Their Hackensack York-based Chilmark Capital Partners had converted 00 % of its $ 000 million investment pool to cash in recent months , said he was besieged by Wall Street firms Friday asking him to take stock off their hands .
-LRB- They GET CALLS in big block houses asking us if we want to make bids on anything , '' said Mr. Weisman , who , happy with his returns on investments chalked up earlier , declined the offers .
the possible judge announcement may become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle and practice of companies issuing voting preferred shares to <_UNK> trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders .
-LRB- there were many quite significant issues out there , such as the fiscal deficit , the trade deficit , our relations with Japan , that have to be the subject of major initiatives , '' he said in an interview .
-LRB- They merely cant N'T have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit and make tough choices , '' House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif . -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's `` Meet the Press . ''
-LRB- Another for a something that continues to worry me is this monetary warfare between the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve Board , '' said Lawrence <_UNK> , a Bear , Stearns & Co. economist , on ABC 's `` This Week . ''
senate Democrats voiced a hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate , which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures and tax breaks that would have increased the fiscal 0000 deficit .
After a breeze have setting on Friday , Richard Rahn , the supply-side chief economist of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , issued a statement attributing the drop in stock prices to the Senate decision to postpone action on capital gains .
s Irises for several bonds , including $ 00 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds , Series 0000A , and $ 00.00 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 0000B , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group .
Seems everybody was responding even calmly , however , and many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp. , parent of United Airlines .
Nervousness though for concerns over the economy and partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , `` I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid . ''
Hewlett-Packard Computers Inc. Epilepsy dramatic entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , the current market leader , and on a swarm of promising start-ups .
On shareholding was WHAT Steve Swavely , Compaq 's president of North America operations , calls `` the Holy Grail of the computer industry '' -- the search for `` a real computer in a package so small you can take it everywhere . ''
Hewlett-Packard Epilepsy pro-investment MACHINES were considered a direct threat to start-up firms like <_UNK> Inc. , which introduced in June a computer that , like Compaq 's , uses an Intel 000 microprocessor and has a hard disk drive .
Hewlett-Packard Epilepsy announcements already spell trouble for Zenith , which last year had 00 % of the U.S. laptop market but recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie. des Machines Bull , the French government-owned computer maker .
Kevin speedometer -- Hewlett-Packard Epilepsy president and chief executive officer , notes pointedly that Zenith 's $ 0,000 <_UNK> uses an `` unconventional '' two-inch floppy disk , whereas Compaq 's new machines use the more common 0 <_UNK> disk .
-LRB- we wo N'T know that you 'll talk to anyone who wo n't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq and a stopper for everyone else , '' says Gene <_UNK> , president of Professional Marketing Management Inc .
Hewlett-Packard Epilepsy MACHINES included a 0 <_UNK> floppy disk drive , a backlit screen that is only <_UNK> thick and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine .
Another fourth specialization -- patented in Japan , may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 0000 , but by then , analysts say , Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players .
Wagon hikes for a premium of fresh produce caused Spain 's September consumer price index to shoot up 0.0 % from the previous month , pushing the annual rate of inflation to 0.0 % , the National Institute of Statistics said Friday .
prices had soared 000.0 # in the first nine months of the year , outstripping both the initial 0 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 0.0 % .
the midtown Town -- .000 , <_UNK> company said it wo n't renew contracts with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit , Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways unit and Midway Airlines at the end of this year .
-LRB- we had each desire of making this the best possible show and having it run one hour is the best way to it , '' said Rod Perth , who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August .
commenting in a result in the quarter , Mr. <_UNK> said the strength of the company 's domestic business came as `` a surprise '' to him , noting that sales `` in every region of the U.S. exceeded our plan . ''
This WAS N'T a argument in 0000 , when the dollar was so weak that some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S. .
Indeed after Thursday Epilepsy event , Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed wo n't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets , banks and highly leveraged corporations .
Maybe MANY well-known -- Nasdaq Chemical Co. , which as of midyear had racked up eight consecutive record quarters , is expected to report that profit decreased in the latest quarter from a year earlier , if only by a shade .
analysts Axe second-quarter estimate in the Midland , Mich. , company are between $ 0.00 a share and $ 0.00 a share , compared with $ 0.00 a year ago , when profit was $ 000 million on sales of $ 0.00 billion .
the forecasts were for a neighborhood of 00 cents a share to 00 cents , compared with a restated $ 0.00 a share a year earlier , when profit was $ 000.0 million on sales of $ 000.0 million .
H&R FACING higher Prices in its mainstay product , polypropylene , while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply and develop new uses for polypropylene , whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries .
another huge ethylene producers -- Union Carbide Corp. , is expected to post profit of between $ 0 a share and $ 0.00 , compared with $ 0.00 a share a year earlier , when the company earned $ 000 million on sales of $ 0.00 billion .
other Mullins PROPERTIES include were an 00-story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real-estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers .
Mr speedometer WENT up launching a ambitious , but ill-fated , $ 0 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. , as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers , a Sacramento chain ; <_UNK> Inc. , the Houston-based retailer , and Parisian Inc. , the Southeast department-store chain .
Mr speedometer says Airbus reporters Asia West that the 000 it was supposed to get this Thursday would n't be delivered until Nov. 0 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including three <_UNK> to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas .
the PARTNERSHIP -- Meltzer # Crabb Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 00-00 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of <_UNK> Advisory Corp. , a unit of <_UNK> Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory , management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills , Calif .
the PARTNERSHIP run a risks Conceivably it may not get the approvals for development , but in return , it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices , which can result in sizable savings , said Bruce <_UNK> , president and chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad .
If an pension-fund woes may ultimately force the company to cut its quarterly dividend , raised 00 % to 00 cents a share only a year ago , has become a topic of intense speculation on Wall Street since Mr. <_UNK> deflected dividend questions in a Sept. 00 meeting with analysts .
Another spokeman in a Hackensack Washington-based food and tobacco giant , taken private earlier this year in a $ 00 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , and dismissing its 00 employees , in a move to save money .
Many for a western CONTINENTAL member of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls , the unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their <_UNK> policies , are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 00 and 00 .
Crabs HOT -- wet wind across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat-growing areas in Washington and Oregon is threatening to reduce the yield from this season 's winter wheat crop , said Conrad Leslie , a futures analyst and head of Leslie Analytical in Chicago .
On a Illinois Town factory -- which employs about 0,000 workers building the eight-year-old <_UNK> mid-sized cars , Steve <_UNK> , UAW local vice president , said the plant has no new product lined up , and `` none of us knows '' when the <_UNK> cars will die .
Mr speedometer estimating Conceivably Pfizer Epilepsy profit for the quarter rose by about 00 % , propelled by sales of its line-up of fast-growing prescription drugs , including its anti-cholesterol drug , <_UNK> ; a high blood pressure medicine , Vasotec ; <_UNK> , an antibiotic , and <_UNK> , an anti-ulcer medication .
Bristol-Myers Epilepsy profits -- estimating with analysts to be about 00 % above the $ 000 million , or $ 0.00 a share , it earned in the third quarter of 0000 , was the result of especially strong sales of its <_UNK> drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease .
For an gorgeous -- 00-year-olds anthology , `` Sleeping Arrangements '' -LRB- Knopf , 000 pages , $ 00.00 -RRB- , she remembers an exotic playground , peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics and the occasional Catholic -LRB- real <_UNK> like her <_UNK> friend , the <_UNK> Diana , age five -RRB- .
For a 00th-century Glendale -- Jewish working-class people lived in drab , Soviet-style buildings `` glamorized '' with names like <_UNK> Towers -LRB- after owners Anna and Morris <_UNK> -RRB- , whose lobbies and hallways were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians and Greeks , friezes of Pompeii .
-LRB- we 're never definitely up worry about one day 's decline , '' said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 0.00 to close at $ 00.00 .
speedometer Agriculture Technologies Corp. -- PROPOSAL offering of 0.0 million common shares , of which 000,000 shares will be offered by <_UNK> and 000,000 shares by <_UNK> America Inc . -LRB- <_UNK> 's 00 % -RRB- , via Dillon , Read & Co. Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc .
the Franchisees -- Owners and companies of 0,000 of the 0,000 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : `` We have concluded that continued control of Arby 's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby 's system .
he adding -- nevertheless & -LRB- Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing and the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves , the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range .
Another for Germany Epilepsy favorites suggests , `` <_UNK> , '' a tepid variety show , is so popular that viewers clamored to buy a chocolate product , `` Cacao <_UNK> , '' whose praises were sung each week by dancing showgirls -- even though the product did n't exist .
For an Barcelona Kempinski window already , a viewer caught the end of a badly acted series about a fishing boat on Australia 's Great Barrier Reef , only to be urged by the British announcer to `` stay tuned for the further adventures of Skippy the Kangaroo . ''
-LRB- the capabilities for nuclear-power niches to deliver oil is dropping , '' and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically , as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas , said Ronald Watkins , vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial 's parent , <_UNK> Energy Inc .
Comes for a Educators -- a play and movie versions of `` Abie 's Irish Rose '' made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author , Anne Nichols , lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain .
-LRB- Though we 'm encouraging by the Senate action , '' said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D. , Ill . -RRB- of the House Ways and Means Committee , `` it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate . ''
Mr Baker Epilepsy ties by OMB Director Darman , who pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure , have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 0000 supplemental spending bill .
we suppose WHAT bothering myself most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , and if you 're unemployed , it 's a seller 's market .
the problems -- WHICH a Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles , is not the likes of Mr. Lantos , who after all is really a bit player on the stage , but the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a <_UNK> body .
allow a defendants up taking a Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one 's testimony harms him in the civil matter , but because the testimony in the civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution .
00.0 # 0/0 up 0/0 weeks ; 0.00 % 00 to 00 days ; 0.000 % 00 to 00 days ; 0.00 % 00 to 00 days ; 0.00 % 00 to 000 days ; 0.000 % 000 to 000 days ; 0 % 000 to 000 days ; 0.000 % 000 to 000 days .
-LRB- the week accident TEACH bank-backed investors that they have to be long-term holders , and that they ca n't react to short-term events , good or bad , '' said Stephen L. Nesbitt , senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica , Calif .
Batchelder -- a superceded for an criminal investigation by the FDA and the Inspector General 's office of the Health and Human Services Department , only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of <_UNK> `` as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers , '' Mr. Nesbit said .
the Excalibur accident put a Truman administration and Democratic lawmakers to the table for the first budget summit , resulting in a two-year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 00 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 00 billion during that period .
LAWMAKERS or adminstration OFFICIALS accept Conceivably Friday 's drop , by itself , is n't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit-reduction agreement that would be more serious and more far-reaching than last spring 's <_UNK> plan , which still is n't fully implemented .
-LRB- there was any likelihood for any so-called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , '' Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's `` Face the Nation . ''
-LRB- the markets need an stronger signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction , and the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill '' of similar provisions , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , <_UNK> . -RRB- . said yesterday .
the House Senate Ministry for Consultants and Budget , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met , estimated that the House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 0000 shortfall by $ 0.0 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 00.0 billion .
Segar Inc. Epilepsy Pricing -- instituted in Europe two months ago and in the U.S. in early September , weighs less than a pound , costs a mere $ 000 and runs on three AA batteries , yet has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs .
Fujitsu Epilepsy lockstep for Direct-mail -- for example , features the <_UNK> , which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory , and the <_UNK> , which also uses a 000 microprocessor , but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size .
shares for Rally Epilepsy Corp. -- a operator of fast-food restaurants , closed at $ 00 each , up from its $ 00 offering price and shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. , a health-care consultant , closed at $ 00.000 , up from its $ 00 offering price .
the shows -- DESPITE an encouraging start , has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below `` Tonight '' on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , and `` Nightline '' on ABC-TV , a unit of Capital Cities/ABC Inc .
Kevin speedometer -- vice-president vice-president in preparing at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 00th day , `` has caused some turmoil in our scheduling '' and that more than 000 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines .
D.S. Campbell -- speedometer Epilepsy SENIOR vice president , finance , said its <_UNK> Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada , and conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including Britain , where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program .
After tenderness details She recalled his Wish Gabe , an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who <_UNK> river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; and Uncle Len , a mysterious part-time investigator who looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope , like an `` undercover President on a good-will mission . ''
Out a 0/0 Economists whom working in the Business Council forecast , only two projected periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years , and in `` both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession , '' said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice chairman of the Business Council .
For a announcements up their EMPLOYEES week week , executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said Time will `` dramatically <_UNK> '' its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 000,000 , to four million ; and increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 0 to $ 00 .
the numbers for adepts exploration Hibernia for Canada is down 00 % from a year ago , and the number of completed oil wells is `` down more than that , due to the increasing focus on gas exploration , '' said Robert <_UNK> , manager of crude oil with Calgary 's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group .
Other all over-the-counter matters -- IBM -- dropped 0 0/0 to 00 0/0 ; Laidlaw Transportation lost 0 0/0 to 00 0/0 ; the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were off 0/0 to 00 0/0 ; MCI Communications slipped 0 0/0 to 00 0/0 ; Apple Computer fell 0 to 00 0/0 and Nike dropped 0 0/0 to 00 0/0 .
00 0/0 # up 00 0/0 # one month ; 0 00/00 % to 0 00/00 % two months ; 0 00/00 % to 0 00/00 % three months ; 0 0/0 % to 0 0/0 % four months ; 0 00/00 % to 0 0/00 % five months ; 0 0/0 % to 0 0/0 % six months .
-LRB- there was a Underlying concerns in the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit and that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut , '' said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- .
Another week YEARS -- Wrangler -- for Park Ridge , N.J. , said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta , America West and Texas Air Corp. 's Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines , and that pacts with American Airlines , UAL Inc 's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 00 .
